Table of ContentsUNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One)For the quarterly period ended March 30, 2024 ORFor the transition period from to Commission File Number 001-07882ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)2485 Augustine Drive Santa Clara, California 95054 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)(408) 749-4000 Registrant s telephone number, including area codeN/A(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value per share, as of April 25, 2024: 1,616,313,871Table of ContentsINDEX 2Table of ContentsPART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations(Unaudited)See accompanying notes.3Table of ContentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)(Unaudited)See accompanying notes.4Table of ContentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)See accompanying notes.5Table of ContentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows(Unaudited)See accompanying notes. 6Table of ContentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc.Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity(Unaudited)See accompanying notes.7Table of ContentsNotes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements(Unaudited)NOTE 1 The CompanyAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. is a global semiconductor company. References herein to AMD or the Company mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. AMD s products include x86 microprocessors (CPUs) and graphics processing units (GPUs), as standalone devices or as incorporated into accelerated processing units (APUs), chipsets, data center and professional GPUs, embedded processors, semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products, microprocessor and SoC development services and technology, data processing units (DPUs), Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), System on Modules (SOMs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs), Artificial Intelligence (AI) Accelerators and Adaptive SoC products. From time to time, the Company may also sell or license portions of its intellectual property (IP) portfolio. NOTE 2 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting PoliciesBasis of Presentation. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of AMD have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The results of operations for the three months ended March 30, 2024 shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year ending December 28, 2024 or any other future period. In the opinion of the Company s management, the information contained herein reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s results of operations, financial position, cash flows and stockholders equity. All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. Certain immaterial prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. The Company uses a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 each consisted of 13 weeks.Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results are likely to differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. Areas where management uses judgment include, but are not limited to, revenue allowances, inventory valuation, valuation of goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes.Significant Accounting Policies. There have been no material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies in Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023.NOTE 3 Supplemental Financial Statement Information Accounts Receivable, netAs of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, Accounts receivable, net included unbilled accounts receivable of $1.6 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. Unbilled accounts receivable primarily represents work completed on development services and on custom products for which revenue has been recognized but not yet invoiced. Unbilled accounts receivable that are included in Accounts receivable, net are expected to be billed and collected within 12 months. 8Table of ContentsRevenueRevenue allocated to remaining performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) include amounts received from customers and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods for development services, IP licensing and product revenue. As of March 30, 2024, the aggregate transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations under contracts with an original expected duration of more than one year was $113 million, of which $67 million is expected to be recognized in the next 12 months. The revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations does not include amounts which have an original expected duration of one year or less.Revenue recognized over time associated with custom products and development services accounted for 16% and 29% of the Company s revenue for the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively.NOTE 4 Segment ReportingManagement, including the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses operating performance using segment net revenue and operating income (loss). These performance measures include the allocation of expenses to the reportable segments based on management s judgment. 9Table of ContentsThe Company s four reportable segments are: the Data Center segment, which primarily includes server microprocessors (CPUs), graphics processing units (GPUs), accelerated processing units (APUs), data processing units (DPUs), Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs), Artificial Intelligence (AI) accelerators and Adaptive System-on-Chip (SoC) products for data centers; the Client segment, which primarily includes CPUs, APUs, and chipsets for desktop, notebook and handheld personal computers; the Gaming segment, which primarily includes discrete GPUs, and semi-custom SoC products and development services; and the Embedded segment, which primarily includes embedded CPUs, GPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules (SOMs), and Adaptive SoC products.From time to time, the Company may also sell or license portions of its IP portfolio.In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment. This category primarily includes certain expenses and credits that are not allocated to any of the reportable segments because the CODM does not consider these expenses and credits in evaluating the performance of the reportable segments. This category primarily includes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, employee stock-based compensation expense, inventory loss at contract manufacturer, acquisition-related and other costs, and licensing gain. Acquisition-related and other costs primarily include transaction costs, purchase price adjustments for inventory, certain compensation charges, contract termination and workforce rebalancing charges.The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment: 10Table of ContentsNOTE 5 Acquisition-related Intangible Assets Acquisition-related intangibles were as follows:Developed technology and customer relationships were acquired primarily from the Xilinx acquisition on February 14, 2022. Acquisition-related intangible amortization expense was $622 million and $823 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively.Based on the carrying value of acquisition-related intangibles recorded as of March 30, 2024, and assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, the estimated annual amortization expense for acquisition-related intangibles is expected to be as follows:NOTE 6 Related Parties Equity Joint VenturesATMP Joint VenturesThe Company holds a 15% equity interest in two joint ventures (collectively, the ATMP JV) with affiliates of Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd, a Chinese joint stock company. The Company has no obligation to fund the ATMP JV. The Company accounts for its equity interests in the ATMP JV under the equity method of accounting due to its significant influence over the ATMP JV.The ATMP JV provides assembly, testing, marking and packaging (ATMP) services to the Company. The Company assists the ATMP JV in its management of certain raw material inventory. The purchases from and resales to the ATMP JV of inventory under the Company s inventory management program are reported within purchases and resales with the ATMP JV and do not impact the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations.11Table of ContentsThe Company s purchases from the ATMP JV during the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 amounted to $450 million and $367 million, respectively. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the amounts payable to the ATMP JV were $438 million and $363 million, respectively, and are included in Payables to related parties on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company s resales to the ATMP JV during the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 amounted to $40 million and $1 million, respectively. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had receivables from the ATMP JV of $31 million and $9 million, respectively, included in Receivables from related parties on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.During the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of $7 million and $1 million, respectively, in Equity income in investee on its condensed consolidated statements of operations, respectively. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Company s investment in the ATMP JV was $106 million and $99 million, respectively.THATIC Joint Ventures The Company holds equity interests in two joint ventures (collectively, the THATIC JV) with Higon Information Technology Co., Ltd. (THATIC), a third-party Chinese entity. As of both March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the carrying value of the investment was zero. The Company licensed certain of its intellectual IP (Licensed IP) to the THATIC JV and receives royalty based on sales of the THATIC JV s products, which is recorded within operating income. During the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, the Company recognized $13 million and $10 million of licensing gain from royalty income associated with Licensed IP, respectively. As of both March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had no receivables from the THATIC JV. In June 2019, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the United States Department of Commerce added certain Chinese entities to the Entity List, including THATIC and the THATIC JV. The Company is complying with U.S. law pertaining to the Entity List designation. NOTE 7 Debt and Revolving Credit Facility DebtThe Company s total debt as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023 consisted of the following:2.95% Senior Notes Due 2024 and 2.375% Senior Notes Due 2030The 2.95% Notes and 2.375% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company with semi-annual fixed interest payments due on June 1 and December 1.3.924% Senior Notes Due 2032 and 4.393% Senior Notes Due 2052The 3.924% Notes and 4.393% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company, semi-annual fixed interest payments due on June 1 and December 1. The 3.924% and 4.393% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture dated June 9, 2022 between the Company and US Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee. 12Table of ContentsThe Company may redeem some or all of the 3.924% Notes and 4.393% Notes prior to March 1, 2032 and December 1, 2051, respectively, at a price equal to the greater of the present value of the principal amount and future interest through the maturity of the 3.924% Notes or 4.393% Notes or 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 3.924% Notes or 4.393% Notes in the event that the Company undergoes a change of control as defined in the indenture, at a repurchase price of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Additionally, an event of default may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 3.924% Notes and 4.393% Notes.Future Debt Payment ObligationsAs of March 30, 2024, the Company s future principal debt payment obligations were as follows:Revolving Credit FacilityThe Company has $3.0 billion available under a revolving credit agreement that expires on April 29, 2027 (Revolving Credit Agreement). As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Agreement can be either Secure Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Loans or Base Rate Loans (each as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) at the Company's option. Each SOFR Loan will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable SOFR plus a margin between 0.625% and 1.250%. Each Base Rate Loan will bear interest equal to the Base Rate plus a margin between 0.000% and 0.250%. The Revolving Credit Agreement also contains a sustainability-linked pricing component which provides for interest rate and facility fee reductions or increases based on the Company meeting or missing targets related to environmental sustainability, specifically greenhouse gas emissions. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. As of March 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.Commercial PaperOn November 3, 2022, the Company established a commercial paper program, under which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum principal amount outstanding at any time of $3.0 billion with a maturity of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The commercial paper will be sold at a discount from par or, alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based on market conditions at the time of issuance. During the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, the Company did not issue any commercial paper under the program and as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had no commercial paper outstanding.NOTE 8 Financial InstrumentsFair Value MeasurementsThe Company s financial instruments are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, except for non-marketable equity investments in privately-held companies. These equity investments are generally accounted for under the measurement alternative, defined as cost, less impairments, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes and are periodically assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that a decline in value may have occurred. 13Table of ContentsFinancial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring BasisDeferred compensation plan investments are primarily mutual fund investments held in a Rabbi trust established to maintain the Company s executive deferred compensation plan.The following is a summary of cash equivalents and short-term investments: As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company did not have material available-for-sale debt securities which had been in a continuous unrealized loss position of more than twelve months.14Table of ContentsThe contractual maturities of cash equivalents and investments classified as available-for-sale are as follows: Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair ValueThe Company carries its financial instruments at fair value except for its debt. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s debt are as follows:The estimated fair value of the Company s long-term debt is based on Level 2 inputs of quoted prices for the Company s debt and comparable instruments in inactive markets. The fair value of the Company s accounts receivable, accounts payable and other short-term obligations approximate their carrying value based on existing terms. Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring BasisThe Company s investments in non-marketable securities in privately-held companies are recorded using a measurement alternative that adjusts the securities to fair value when the Company recognizes an observable price adjustment or an impairment. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had non-marketable securities in privately-held companies of $156 million and $155 million, respectively, that are recorded under Other non-current assets in the balance sheet. Impairment losses or observable price adjustments were not material during the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023. Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial InstrumentsForeign Currency Forward Contracts Designated as Accounting HedgesThe Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to future forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These contracts generally mature within 24 months and are designated as accounting hedges. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of the Company s outstanding foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges was $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively. The fair value of these contracts, recorded as a liability, was $14 million as of March 30, 2024 and as an asset of $6 million as of December 30, 2023.Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Not Designated as Accounting HedgesThe Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on certain receivables or payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These forward contracts generally mature within 3 months and are not designated as accounting hedges. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of these outstanding contracts was $803 million and $568 million, respectively. The fair value of these contracts was not material as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023.15Table of ContentsNOTE 9 Earnings Per Share The following table sets forth the components of basic and diluted earnings per share:Securities which would have been anti-dilutive are not material and are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for all periods presented. NOTE 10 Common Stock and Employee Equity PlansCommon StockShares of common stock outstanding were as follows:Stock Repurchase ProgramThe Company has an approved stock repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $12 billion of the Company s common stock (Repurchase Program). During the three months ended March 30, 2024, the Company returned $4 million to shareholders through the repurchase of its common stock under the Repurchase Program. As of March 30, 2024, $5.6 billion remains available for future stock repurchases under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 16Table of ContentsStock-based CompensationStock-based compensation expense recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was as follows: NOTE 11 Income TaxesThe Company determines its income taxes for interim reporting periods by applying the Company s estimated annual effective tax rate to the year-to-date results, adjusted for tax items discrete to each period.For the three months ended March 30, 2024, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $52 million representing an effective tax rate of (73.2)%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to the income tax benefit from foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) and research and development (R&D) tax credits. In addition, the tax benefit reflected discrete income tax benefits of $61 million, primarily related to stock-based compensation. For the three months ended April 1, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $13 million representing an effective tax rate of (10.3)%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to a higher mix of income taxed in lower tax rate jurisdictions, R&D tax credits, and beneficial rate impact from FDII tax benefit. In addition, the tax provision reflected discrete tax expense related to interest and penalties accrued for uncertain tax position. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had long-term income tax liabilities of $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion recorded under Other long-term liabilities in the balance sheet, respectively. NOTE 12 Commitments and ContingenciesCommitments The Company s purchase commitments primarily include obligations to purchase wafers and substrates from third parties. These purchase obligations were made under noncancellable purchase orders or contractual obligations requiring minimum purchases for which cancellation would lead to significant penalties. Purchase commitments also include future payments related to certain software, technology and IP licenses. Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of March 30, 2024 were as follows:On an ongoing basis, the Company works with suppliers on timing of payments and deliveries of purchase commitments, taking into account business conditions. 17Table of ContentsContingenciesDuring the quarterly period ended March 30, 2024, there were no material legal proceedings. The Company is a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that arose in the normal course of business. With respect to these matters, based on management s current knowledge, the Company believes that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss, if any, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.18Table of ContentsThe statements in this report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as we cannot assure you that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, intends, plans, pro forma, estimates, anticipates, or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements relate to, among other things: possible impact of future accounting rules on AMD s condensed consolidated financial statements; demand for AMD s products; AMD s strategy and expected benefits; the growth, change and competitive landscape of the markets in which AMD participates; international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future; that AMD s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, together with the availability under that certain revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Agreement) made available to AMD and certain of its subsidiaries, our commercial paper program, and our cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund AMD s operations including capital expenditures and purchase commitments and debt payments over the next 12 months and beyond; AMD s ability to access capital markets; AMD s ability to obtain sufficient external financing on favorable terms, or at all; AMD s expectation that based on management s current knowledge, the potential liability related to AMD s current litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial positions, results of operation or cash flows; anticipated ongoing and increased costs related to enhancing and implementing information security controls; all unbilled accounts receivables are expected to be billed and collected within 12 months; revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations that are unsatisfied which will be recognized in the next 12 months; a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of AMD s revenue in the future; the expected implications from the development of the legal and regulatory environment relating to emerging technologies, such as AI; AMD s ability to achieve its corporate responsibility initiatives; expected future AI trends and developments; and AMD expects to fund stock repurchases through cash generated from operations. For a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, see Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors and the Financial Condition section set forth in Part I, Item 2-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD&A, and such other risks and uncertainties as set forth below in this report or detailed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports and filings. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to AMD, we, us, management, our or the Company mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries.AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, EPYC, Radeon, Ryzen, Xilinx and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Other names are for informational purposes only and are used to identify companies and products and may be trademarks of their respective owners. Zen is a codename for an AMD architecture and is not a product name.The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes as of December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and for each of the three years for the period ended December 30, 2023 as filed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023.19Table of ContentsOverview and Recent Developments We are a global semiconductor company primarily offering: server microprocessors (CPUs), graphics processing units (GPUs), accelerated processing units (APUs), data processing units (DPUs), Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs), Artificial Intelligence (AI) accelerators and Adaptive System-on-Chip (SoC) products for data centers; CPUs, APUs and chipsets for desktop, notebook, and handheld personal computers; discrete GPUs, and semi-custom SoC products and development services; and embedded CPUs, GPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules (SOMs), and Adaptive SoC products.From time to time, we may also sell or license portions of our intellectual property (IP) portfolio.In this section, we will describe the general financial condition and the results of operations of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, us, our or AMD ), including a discussion of our results of operations for the three months ended March 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period and an analysis of changes in our financial condition.Net revenue for the three months ended March 30, 2024 was $5.5 billion, a 2% increase compared to the prior year period. The increase in net revenue was driven by an increase in Data Center segment revenue from higher sales of AMD Instinct GPUs and 4th Gen AMD EPYC CPUs, and an increase in Client segment revenue primarily driven by Ryzen 8000 Series processor sales, partially offset by a decrease in Gaming segment revenue primarily due to a decrease in semi-custom revenue and lower Radeon GPU sales, and a decrease in Embedded segment revenue as customers continued to manage their inventory levels.Gross margin for the three months ended March 30, 2024 was 47% compared to gross margin of 44% for the prior year period. The increase in gross margin was primarily driven by higher Data Center and Client segments revenue, and lower amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, partially offset by lower Embedded and Gaming segments revenue.Operating income for the three months ended March 30, 2024 was $36 million compared to operating loss of $145 million for the prior year period. Net income for the three months ended March 30, 2024 was $123 million compared to net loss of $139 million for the prior year period. The increase in operating and net income was primarily driven by higher Data Center and Client segments revenue, and lower amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.As of March 30, 2024, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $6.0 billion compared to $5.8 billion as of December 30, 2023. During the three months ended March 30, 2024, we generated $521 million of cash from operating activities. We intend the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period, the primary factors that resulted in those changes, and how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our financial statements.Critical Accounting Policies and EstimatesOur discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Although actual results have historically been reasonably consistent with management s expectations, the actual results may differ from these estimates or our estimates may be affected by different assumptions or conditions.20Table of ContentsManagement believes there have been no significant changes for the three months ended March 30, 2024 to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting estimates in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023.Results of OperationsOur operating results tend to vary seasonally. Historically, our net revenue has been generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, although market conditions and product transitions could impact this trend.The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment:Data CenterData Center net revenue of $2.3 billion for the three months ended March 30, 2024 increased by 80%, compared to net revenue of $1.3 billion for the prior year period primarily driven by higher sales of AMD Instinct GPUs and 4th Gen AMD EPYC CPUs.Data Center operating income was $541 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024, compared to operating income of $148 million for the prior year period. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue.ClientClient net revenue of $1.4 billion for the three months ended March 30, 2024 increased by 85%, compared to net revenue of $739 million for the prior year period, primarily driven by a 58% increase in unit shipments and a 16% increase in average selling price of Ryzen processors, resulting from a recovery of weak PC market conditions and inventory corrections across the PC supply chain experienced in the first half of fiscal year 2023. Client operating income was $86 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024, compared to operating loss of $172 million for the prior year period. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue. 21Table of ContentsGamingGaming net revenue of $922 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 decreased by 48%, compared to net revenue of $1.8 billion for the prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in semi-custom revenue and lower Radeon GPU sales.Gaming operating income was $151 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024, compared to operating income of $314 million for the prior year period. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to a decrease in semi-custom revenue and lower Radeon GPU sales.EmbeddedEmbedded net revenue of $846 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 decreased by 46%, compared to net revenue of $1.6 billion for the prior year period, as customers continued to manage their inventory levels.Embedded operating income was $342 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024, compared to operating income of $798 million for the prior year period. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to lower revenue.All OtherAll Other operating loss of $1.1 billion for the three months ended March 30, 2024 primarily consisted of $622 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, $371 million of stock-based compensation expense, $65 million of inventory loss at contract manufacturer and $39 million of acquisition-related and other costs. All Other operating loss of $1.2 billion for the prior year period primarily consisted of $823 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, $309 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $111 million of acquisition-related and other costs. Acquisition-related and other costs primarily include transaction costs, purchase price adjustments for inventory, certain compensation charges, contract termination and workforce rebalancing charges. International SalesInternational sales as a percentage of net revenue were 60% and 68% for the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. Substantially all of our sales transactions were denominated in U.S. dollars.22Table of ContentsComparison of Gross Margin, Expenses, Licensing Gain, Interest Expense, Other Income (Expense) and Income Taxes The following is a summary of certain condensed consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated: Gross MarginGross margin was 47% and 44% for the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively, primarily driven by higher Data Center and Client segments revenue, and lower amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, partially offset by lower Embedded and Gaming segments revenue.ExpensesResearch and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses of $1.5 billion for the three months ended March 30, 2024 increased by $114 million, or 8%, compared to $1.4 billion for the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs due to an increase in headcount to support increased investment in AI. Marketing, General and Administrative ExpensesMarketing, general and administrative expenses of $620 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 increased by $35 million, or 6%, compared to $585 million for the prior year period, primarily due to an increase in go-to market activities.Amortization of Acquisition-Related IntangiblesAmortization of acquisition-related intangibles of $622 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 decreased by $201 million, or 24%, compared to $823 million for the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to certain acquisition-related intangibles being fully amortized in the prior fiscal year.Licensing GainDuring the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, we recognized $13 million and $10 million, respectively, of licensing gain from royalty income associated with certain intellectual property licensed to two joint ventures in which we have an equity interest with Higon Information Technology Co., Ltd., a third-party Chinese entity (Licensed IP). 23Table of ContentsInterest ExpenseInterest expense for the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 was flat at $25 million since there was no material change in the Company s interest bearing notes payable balance. Our 2.95% Notes with a principal amount of $750 million are due in June 2024. Other Income (Expense), NetOther income (expense), net is primarily comprised of interest income from short-term investments, changes in valuation of equity investments, and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Other income, net for the three months ended March 30, 2024 was $53 million, an increase of $10 million or 23% compared to $43 million for the prior year period. The increase was primarily driven by higher interest income from rising interest rates.Income Tax Provision (Benefit)We determine income taxes for interim reporting periods by applying our estimated annual effective tax rate to the year-to-date results and adjusted for tax items discrete to each period. For the three months ended March 30, 2024, we recorded an income tax benefit of $52 million representing an effective tax rate of (73.2)%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and our estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to the income tax benefit from foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) and research and development (R&D) tax credits. In addition, the tax benefit reflected discrete income tax benefits of $61 million, primarily related to stock-based compensation. For the three months ended April 1, 2023, we recorded an income tax provision of $13 million representing an effective tax rate of (10.3)%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and our estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to a higher mix of income taxed in lower tax rate jurisdictions, R&D tax credits, and beneficial rate impact from FDII tax benefit. In addition, the tax provision reflected discrete tax expense related to interest and penalties accrued for uncertain tax position. FINANCIAL CONDITIONLiquidity and Capital Resources As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $6.0 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively. The percentage of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held domestically as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023 were 86% and 77%, respectively.Our operating, investing and financing activities for the three months ended March 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period are as described below:We have $3.0 billion available under an unsecured revolving credit agreement (Revolving Credit Agreement) that expires on April 29, 2027. No funds were drawn from this credit facility during the three months ended March 30, 2024. We also have a commercial paper program where we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum principal amount outstanding, at any time, of $3.0 billion, with a maturity of up to 397 days from the date of issue. We did not issue any commercial paper during the three months ended March 30, 2024. 24Table of ContentsAs of March 30, 2024, our principal debt obligations were $2.5 billion. Our 2.95% Notes with a principal amount of $750 million are due in June 2024. As of March 30, 2024, we had unconditional purchase commitments of approximately $4.0 billion, of which $3.3 billion are for the remainder of fiscal year 2024. On an ongoing basis, we work with our suppliers on the timing of payments and deliveries of purchase commitments, taking into account business conditions.We believe our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash flows from operations along with our Revolving Credit Agreement and commercial paper program will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures, purchase commitments and debt payments, over the next 12 months and beyond. We believe we will be able to access the capital markets should we require additional funds. However, we cannot assure that such funds will be available on favorable terms, or at all.Operating ActivitiesOur working capital cash inflows and outflows from operations are primarily cash collections from our customers, payments for inventory purchases and payments for employee-related expenditures. Net cash provided by operating activities was $521 million in the three months ended March 30, 2024, primarily due to our net income of $123 million, adjusted for non-cash and non-operating charges of $1.2 billion and net cash outflows of $760 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The primary drivers of the change in operating assets and liabilities was a $636 million decrease in accounts payable driven primarily by the timing of payments and inventory receipts, and a $368 million increase in inventory primarily to support the continued ramp of Data Center and Client products in advanced process nodes.Net cash provided by operating activities was $486 million in the three months ended April 1, 2023, primarily due to our net loss of $139 million, adjusted for non-cash and non-operating charges of $1.0 billion and net cash outflows of $387 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The primary driver of the change in operating assets and liabilities was a $464 million increase in inventory primarily in anticipation of the ramp of Data Center and Client products in advanced process nodes. Investing ActivitiesNet cash used in investing activities was $135 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 which primarily consisted of cash used in the purchases of short-term investments of $433 million and purchases of property and equipment of $142 million, partially offset by $443 million of proceeds from the maturity and sale of short-term investments.Net cash used in investing activities was $1.2 billion for the three months ended April 1, 2023 which primarily consisted of cash used in the purchases of short-term investments of $1.7 billion and purchases of property and equipment of $158 million, partially offset by $618 million of proceeds from the maturity and sale of short-term investments.Financing ActivitiesNet cash used in financing activities was $129 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024, which primarily consisted of repurchases for tax withholding on employee equity plans of $129 million.Net cash used in financing activities was $259 million for the three months ended April 1, 2023, which primarily consisted of common stock repurchases of $241 million.Reference is made to Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023.There have not been any material changes in interest rate risk, default risk or foreign exchange risk since December 30, 2023.25Table of ContentsWe maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports made under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.As of March 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting for the three months ended March 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 26Table of ContentsPART II. OTHER INFORMATIONFor a discussion of our legal proceedings, refer to Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q).ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORSThe risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously.Risk Factors SummaryThe following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.Economic and Strategic Risks Intel Corporation s dominance of the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively on a level playing field. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns. The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. There may be fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries. The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive. Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us.Operational and Technology Risks We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. Essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes may not be available to us. We may fail to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products. The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting significant industry transitions. Our revenue from our semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products is dependent upon our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into customers products and the success of those products. Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us.27Table of Contents Our ability to design and introduce new products includes the use of third-party intellectual property. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. If we lose Microsoft Corporation s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected. Our reliance on third-party distributors and add-in-board (AIB) partners subjects us to certain risks. Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. Our products may not be compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us. We may fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand. We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions. We may be unable to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market. Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.Legal and Regulatory Risks Government actions and regulations may limit our ability to export our products to certain customers. If we cannot realize our deferred tax assets, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities, including as a result of tax regulation changes. We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation. We are subject to environmental laws, conflict minerals regulations, as well as a variety of other laws or regulations.. Evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters could result in additional costs, harm to our reputation and a loss of customers. Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability. The agreements governing our notes, our guarantees of Xilinx s notes, and our Revolving Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business. Merger, Acquisition and Integration Risks Acquisitions, joint ventures, and/or investments, and the failure to integrate acquired businesses may fail to materialize their anticipated benefits and disrupt our business. Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations.General Risks Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters. We may incur future impairments of our technology license purchases. Our inability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our business. Our stock price is subject to volatility.For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below.28Table of ContentsEconomic and Strategic RisksIntel Corporation s dominance of the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively on a level playing field.Intel s microprocessor market share position, significant financial resources, introduction of competitive new products, and existing relationships with top-tier OEMs have enabled it to market and price its products aggressively, to target our customers and our channel partners with special incentives and to influence customers who do business with us. These aggressive activities have in the past resulted in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for many of our products and adversely affected our margins and profitability. Intel also dominates the computer system platform and has a heavy influence on PC manufacturers, other PC industry participants, and benchmarks. It is able to drive de facto standards and specifications for x86 microprocessors that could cause us and other companies to have delayed access to such standards. We may be materially adversely affected by Intel s business practices, including rebating and allocation strategies and pricing actions, designed to limit our market share and margins; product mix and introduction schedules; product bundling, marketing and merchandising strategies; and exclusivity payments to its current and potential customers, retailers and channel partners. We expect Intel to continue to heavily invest substantial resources in marketing, research and development, new manufacturing facilities and other technology companies. To the extent Intel manufactures a significantly larger portion of its microprocessor products using more advanced process technologies or introduces competitive new products into the market before we do, we may be more vulnerable to Intel s aggressive marketing and pricing strategies for microprocessor products. We also compete with Intel in field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) and Adaptive SoC products. In the graphics processing unit (GPU) market, Intel has developed and released their own high-end discrete GPUs, including gaming focused discrete GPUs. Intel could take actions that place our GPUs at a competitive disadvantage, including giving one or more of our competitors in the graphics market preferential access to its proprietary graphics interface or other useful information or restricting access to external companies.The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future.The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often in conjunction with constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous new product introductions, price erosion and declines in general economic conditions. We have incurred substantial losses in previous downturns, due to substantial declines in average selling prices; the cyclical nature of supply and demand imbalances in the semiconductor industry; a decline in demand for end-user products that incorporate our products; and excess inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment. Such industry-wide fluctuations may materially adversely affect us in the future. Global economic uncertainty and weakness have in the past impacted the semiconductor market as consumers and businesses have deferred purchases, which negatively impacted demand for our products. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. The growth of our business is also dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth adjacent emerging global markets. Our ability to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. If demand from these markets is below our expectations, sales of our products may decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on us.29Table of ContentsThe demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future. We offer products that are used in different end markets and the demand for our products can vary among our Data Center, Client, Gaming and Embedded end markets. For instance, in our Data Center segment, we offer products that are optimized for generative AI applications and in the fourth quarter of 2023, we experienced significant demand for our AI accelerators. The demand for such products will depend on the extent to which our customers utilize generative AI solutions in a wide variety of applications, and the long term trajectory of such generative AI solutions is unknown. Also, in our Client segment revenue is focused on the consumer desktop and notebook PC segments, which decreased in the first half of 2023 due to a decline in the PC market. In the past, revenues from the Client and Gaming segments have experienced a decline driven by, among other factors, the adoption of smaller and other form factors, increased competition and changes in replacement cycles. In addition, our GPU revenue in the past has been affected in part by the volatility of the cryptocurrency mining market. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the volatility of the cryptocurrency mining market (including potential actions by global monetary authorities), our GPU business could be materially adversely affected. The success of our semi-custom SoC products in our Gaming segment is dependent on securing customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and consumer market conditions, including the success of game console systems and next generation consoles for Sony and Microsoft. Our Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs and GPUs, APUs, FPGAs and Adaptive SoC products some of which are subject to macroeconomic trends and volatile business conditions. To the extent our embedded customers are faced with higher inventory levels, they may choose to draw down their existing inventory and order less of our products. Our Embedded segment revenue decreased as a result of an inventory correction in several end markets in the second half of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us.We depend on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our business and we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a significant part of our revenue in the future. If one of our key customers decides to stop buying our products, materially reduces its operations or its demand for our products, or has operations that are materially impaired for a significant period of time such that it is unable to receive or utilize our products, our business would be materially adversely affected.The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive.The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and delivering the latest and best products to market on a timely basis is critical to achieving revenue growth. We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality, product features and capabilities (including accelerations for key workloads such as AI, energy efficiency relating to power consumption and battery life given their impact on total cost of ownership, reliability, processor clock speed, performance, size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability.30Table of ContentsWe expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance/experience or that may include additional features that render our products comparatively less competitive. We may also face aggressive pricing by competitors, especially during challenging economic times. In addition, our competitors have significant marketing and sales resources which could increase the competitive environment in a declining market or during challenging economic times, leading to lower prices and margins. Some competitors may have greater access or rights to complementary technologies, including interface, processor and memory technical information. For instance, with our APU products and other competing solutions with integrated graphics, we believe that demand for additional discrete graphics chips and cards may decrease in the future due to improvements in the quality and performance of integrated graphics. If competitors introduce competitive new products into the market before us, demand for our products could be adversely impacted and our business could be adversely affected. In addition, Intel is expanding its position in integrated graphics for the PC market with high-end discrete graphics solutions for a broad range of computing markets, which may negatively impact our ability to compete in these computing markets, and Nvidia has added an ARM CPU offering which adds competition in the CPU market. Also, increased adoption of ARM-based semiconductor designs could lead to further growth and development of the ARM ecosystem. While we see significant opportunity in AI, we expect intense competition from companies such as Nvidia in the supply of GPUs and other accelerators for the AI market.In addition, we are entering markets with current and new competitors who may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new markets or superior ability to anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. For example, the AI market is subject to rapid technological change, product obsolescence, frequent new product introductions and feature enhancements, changes in end-user requirements and evolving industry trends and legal standards. Furthermore, we may face competition from some of our customers who internally develop the same products as us. We may face delays or disruptions in research and development efforts, or we may be required to invest significantly greater resources in research and development than anticipated. Also, the semiconductor industry has seen several mergers and acquisitions over the last number of years. Further consolidation could adversely impact our business due to there being fewer suppliers, customers and partners in the industry. From time to time, governments provide incentives or make other investments that could benefit and give a competitive advantage to our competitors. For example, the United States government enacted the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America and Science Act (CHIPS Act) of 2022 to provide financial incentives to the U.S. semiconductor industry. Government incentives, including the CHIPS Act, may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If our competitors can benefit from such government incentives and we cannot, it could strengthen our competitors relative position and have a material adverse effect on our business.31Table of ContentsEconomic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results.Uncertain global or regional economic conditions have and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the economic environment or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, higher interest rates, recession, slowing growth, increased unemployment, tighter credit markets, changes in fiscal monetary or trade policy, or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to stop or postpone purchases. For example, our Client segment revenue decreased in the first half of 2023, and our Embedded segment revenue decreased as a result of an inventory correction in several end markets in the second half of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. During challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that they owe us. The risk related to our customers potentially defaulting on or delaying payments to us is increased because we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of our revenue. Any inability of our current or potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. Moreover, our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. Adverse changes in economic conditions could increase costs of memory, equipment, materials or substrates and other supply chain expenses. If we are not able to procure a stable supply of materials on an ongoing basis and at reasonable costs to meet our production requirements, we could experience a supply shortage or an increase in production costs, which could negatively impact our gross margin and materially adversely affect our business. Our ability to forecast our operating results, make business decisions and execute our business strategy could be adversely impacted by challenging macroeconomic conditions. In addition, uncertain economic conditions could lead to higher borrowing costs and reduced availability of capital and credit markets, making it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. An economic downturn or increased uncertainty could also lead to failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments and declines in the value of our financial instruments. If a banking institution in which we hold funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured funds, which in turn could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our operating expense obligations. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns.The profile of our sales may be weighted differently during the year. A large portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes prediction of revenue for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. In addition, our operating results tend to vary seasonally with the markets in which our products are sold. For example, historically, our net revenue has been generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, although market conditions and product transitions could impact these trends. Many of the factors that create and affect quarterly and seasonal trends are beyond our control.If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses.We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, copyrights, patents, trademarks and common law rights, such as trade secrets, to protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from third-party infringement or from misappropriation in the United States and abroad. Any patent licensed by us or issued to us could be challenged, invalidated, expire, or circumvented or rights granted thereunder may not provide a competitive advantage to us.Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual property on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the U.S. and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected.32Table of ContentsUnfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us.We have costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies. As a consequence, movements in exchange rates could cause our foreign currency denominated expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue, affecting our profitability and cash flows. Whenever we believe appropriate, we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We determine our total foreign currency exposure using projections of long-term expenditures for items such as payroll. We cannot assure you that these activities will be effective in reducing foreign exchange rate exposure. Failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the majority of our product sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local currency can cause increases or decreases in the cost of our products in the local currency of such customers. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency could reduce sales of our products.Operational and Technology RisksWe rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected.We utilize third-party wafer foundries to fabricate the silicon wafers for all of our products. We rely on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC) for the production of all wafers for microprocessor and GPU products at 7 nanometer (nm) or smaller nodes, and we rely primarily on GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF) for wafers for microprocessor and GPU products manufactured at process nodes larger than 7 nm. We also utilize TSMC, United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. for our integrated circuits (IC) in the form of programmable logic devices. We also rely on third-party manufacturers to assemble, test, mark and pack (ATMP) our products. Our third-party package assembly partners are responsible for packaging technology used to fabricate our products. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand.We cannot guarantee that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. If we experience supply constraints from our third-party manufacturing suppliers, we may be required to allocate the reduced quantities of affected products amongst our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these customers and on our financial condition. In addition, if we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from our manufacturing suppliers, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, if TSMC is not able to manufacture wafers for our microprocessor and GPU products at 7 nm or smaller nodes and our newest IC products in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.We do not have long-term commitment contracts with some of our third-party manufacturing suppliers. We obtain many of these manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and these manufacturers are not required to provide us with any specified minimum quantity of product beyond the quantities in an existing purchase order. Accordingly, we depend on these suppliers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. The manufacturers we use also fabricate wafers and ATMP products for other companies, including certain of our competitors. They could choose to prioritize capacity for other customers, increase the prices that they charge us on short notice, require onerous prepayments, or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.Other risks associated with our dependence on third-party manufacturers include limited control over delivery schedules, yield, cycle times, quality assurance, price increases, lack of capacity in periods of excess demand, misappropriation of our intellectual property, dependence on several subcontractors, and limited ability to manage inventory and parts. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers (or their subcontractors) suffer any damage to facilities, lose benefits under material agreements, experience power outages, water shortages, or high heat events, lack sufficient capacity to manufacture our products, encounter financial difficulties, are unable to secure necessary raw materials from their suppliers, suffer any other disruption or reduction in efficiency, or experience uncertain environmental, social, atmospheric or natural, economic or political circumstances or conditions, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions. For example, in the first quarter of 2024, we experienced some inventory loss due to an incident at a contract manufacturer. If we are unable to secure sufficient or reliable supplies of products, our ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected and this could materially affect our business.33Table of ContentsIf we transition the production of some of our products to new manufacturers, we may experience delayed product introductions, lower yields or poorer performance of our products. If we experience problems with product quality or are unable to secure sufficient capacity from a particular third-party manufacturer, or if we for other reasons cease utilizing one of those manufacturers, we may be unable to timely secure an alternative supply for any specific product. We could experience significant delays in the shipment of our products if we are required to find alternative third-party manufacturers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.We are a party to a wafer supply agreement (WSA) with GF that governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF and this agreement is in place through 2025. GF will provide a minimum annual capacity allocation to us through 2025 and we have corresponding annual wafer purchase targets. If we do not meet the annual wafer purchase target, we will be required to pay to GF a portion of the difference between the actual wafer purchases and the wafer purchase target for such year. AMD and GF also have agreed to wafer pricing through 2025. We do not have any exclusivity commitments with GF, and we have full flexibility to contract with any wafer foundry with respect to all products manufactured at any technology node. If our actual wafer requirements are less than the number of wafers required to meet the applicable annual wafer purchase target, we could have excess inventory or higher inventory unit costs, both of which may adversely impact our gross margin and our results of operations. If GF fails to meet its minimum annual capacity allocation obligations, we could experience significant delays in the shipment of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.We are party to two ATMP joint ventures (collectively, the ATMP JVs) with affiliates of Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. The majority of our ATMP services are provided by the ATMP JVs and there is no guarantee that the ATMP JVs will be able to fulfill our long-term ATMP requirements. If we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from the ATMP JVs, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business.If essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected.We may purchase equipment, materials and substrates for use by our back-end manufacturing service providers from a number of suppliers and our operations depend upon obtaining deliveries of adequate supplies of equipment and materials on a timely basis. Our third-party suppliers also depend on the same timely delivery of adequate quantities of equipment and materials in the manufacture of our products. In addition, as many of our products increase in technical complexity, we rely on our third-party suppliers to update their processes in order to continue meeting our back-end manufacturing needs. Certain equipment and materials that are used in the manufacture of our products are available only from a limited number of suppliers, or in some cases, a sole supplier. We also depend on a limited number of suppliers to provide the majority of certain types of IC packages for our microprocessors, including our APU products. Similarly, certain non-proprietary materials or components such as memory, printed circuit boards (PCBs), interposers, substrates and capacitors used in the manufacture of our products are currently available from only a limited number of suppliers. If we are unable to procure a stable supply of memory, equipment, materials or substrates on an ongoing basis and at reasonable costs to meet our production requirements, we could experience a shortage in memory, equipment, materials or substrate supply or an increase in production costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements with some of our suppliers. If the delivery of such supply is delayed or does not occur for any reason, it could materially impact our ability to procure and process the required volume of supply to meet customer demand. Conversely, a decrease in customer demand could result in excess inventory and an increase in our production costs, particularly since we have prepayment arrangements with certain suppliers. Because some of the equipment and materials that we and our third-party manufacturers purchase are complex, it is sometimes difficult to substitute one equipment or materials supplier for another. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Also, some of these materials and components may be subject to rapid changes in price and availability. Interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry could cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. Dependence on a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers exacerbates these risks. If we are unable to procure certain of these materials for our back-end manufacturing operations, or our third-party manufacturers are unable to procure materials for manufacturing our products, our business would be materially adversely affected. 34Table of ContentsFailure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our results of operations.Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a result of product design, process technology and packaging technology, which is typically proprietary to the manufacturer, and low yields can result from design failures, packaging technology failures, process technology failures or a combination of some or all of these. Our third-party manufacturers are responsible for the process technologies used to fabricate silicon wafers. If our third-party manufacturers experience manufacturing inefficiencies or encounter disruptions, errors or difficulties during production, we may fail to achieve acceptable yields or we may experience product delivery delays. We cannot be certain that our third-party manufacturers will be able to develop, expand, obtain or successfully implement leading-edge manufacturing process or packaging technologies needed to manufacture future generations of our products profitably or on a timely basis or that our competitors will not develop new technologies, products or processes earlier. Moreover, during periods when our third-party manufacturers are implementing new process or packaging technologies, their manufacturing facilities may not be fully productive. A substantial delay in the technology transitions to smaller process technologies could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly if our competitors transition to more cost effective technologies before us. For example, we are presently focusing our 7 nm and lower product microprocessor and GPU portfolio on TSMC s processes. If TSMC is not able to manufacture wafers for our products at 7 nm or smaller nodes in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Moreover, we rely on TSMC, UMC and our other foundries to produce wafers with competitive performance attributes for our IC products. Therefore, the foundries, particularly TSMC which manufactures our newest IC products, must be able to transition to advanced manufacturing process technologies and increased wafer sizes, produce wafers at acceptable yields and deliver them in a timely manner.Any decrease in manufacturing yields could result in an increase in per unit costs, which would adversely impact our gross margin and/or force us to allocate our reduced product supply amongst our customers, which could harm our relationships and reputation with our customers and materially adversely affect our business.The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions.Our success depends to a significant extent on the development, qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry trends and requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis, are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. We cannot assure you that our efforts to execute our product roadmap will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. If we fail to or are delayed in developing, qualifying or shipping new products or technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends or if we fail to predict which new form factors, product features preferences or requirements, consumers will adopt and adjust our business accordingly, we may lose competitive positioning, which could cause us to lose market share and require us to discount the selling prices of our products. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement new products and technologies on a timely basis or that they will be well-received by our customers. Moreover, our investments in new products and technologies involve certain risks and uncertainties and could disrupt our ongoing business. New investments may not generate sufficient revenue, may incur unanticipated liabilities and may divert our limited resources and distract management from our current operations. We cannot be certain that our ongoing investments in new products and technologies will be successful, will meet our expectations and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. For example, as part of our Pervasive AI strategy, we have a portfolio of hardware products and software tools to allow our customers to develop scalable and pervasive AI solutions. We are increasingly building AI capabilities into our products, but there can be no assurance that such product offerings will be broadly accepted. If we fail to develop and timely offer or deploy such products and technologies or keep pace with the product offerings of our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. Additionally, our efforts in developing new AI technology solutions are inherently risky and may not always succeed. We may incur significant costs, resources, investments and delays and not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions. Moreover, while AI adoption is likely to continue and may accelerate, the long-term trajectory of this technological trend is uncertain. 35Table of ContentsDelays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products can also cause us to miss our customers product design windows or, in some cases, breach contractual obligations or cause us to pay penalties. If our customers do not include our products in the initial design of their computer systems or products, they will typically not use our products in their systems or products until at least the next design configuration. The process of being qualified for inclusion in a customer s system or product can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which also could result in a loss of market share and harm our business. We also depend on the success and timing of our customers platform launches. If our customers delay their product launches or if our customers do not effectively market their platforms with our products, it could result in a delay in bringing our products to market and cause us to miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which could materially adversely affect our business. In addition, market demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis. Over the life of a specific product, the sale price is typically reduced over time. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected.Our revenue from our semi-custom SoC products is dependent upon our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into customers products and the success of those products.The revenue that we receive from our semi-custom SoC products is in the form of non-recurring engineering fees charged to third parties for design and development services and revenue received in connection with sales of our semi-custom SoC products to these third parties. As a result, our ability to generate revenue from our semi-custom products depends on our ability to secure customers for our semi-custom design pipeline, our customers desire to pursue the project and our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into those customers products. Any revenue from sales of our semi-custom SoC products is directly related to sales of the third-party s products and reflective of their success in the market. Moreover, we have no control over the marketing efforts of these third parties, and we cannot make any assurances that sales of their products will be successful in current or future years. Consequently, the semi-custom SoC product revenue expected by us may not be fully realized and our operating results may be adversely affected.Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us.The products that we sell are complex and have been and may in the future be subject to security vulnerabilities that could result in, among other things, the loss, corruption, theft or misuse of confidential data or system performance issues. Our efforts to prevent and address security vulnerabilities may decrease performance, be only partially effective or not successful at all. We may depend on vendors to create mitigations to their technology that we incorporate into our products and they may delay or decline to make such mitigations. We may also depend on third parties, such as customers and end users, to deploy our mitigations alone or as part of their own mitigations, and they may delay, decline or modify the implementation of such mitigations. Our relationships with our customers could be adversely affected as some of our customers may stop purchasing our products, reduce or delay future purchases of our products, or use competing products. Any of these actions by our customers could adversely affect our revenue. We have and may in the future be subject to claims and litigation related to security vulnerabilities. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities of our products may subject us to adverse publicity, damage to our brand and reputation, and could materially harm our business or results of operations.36Table of ContentsIT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.Our business relies on technology hardware, software, cloud services, infrastructure, networks and systems (collectively, IT Systems). We own and manage some IT Systems but also rely on critical third-party IT Systems, products and services. In the ordinary course of business, we and various third-party providers and business partners process and maintain sensitive data, including personal information about workers, customers and others, as well as intellectual property and proprietary or confidential information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners (collectively, Confidential Data). Maintaining the availability, integrity and security of our IT Systems and Confidential Data is critical to our business and reputation. While we and others have implemented various controls and defenses, AMD and companies like AMD and our vendors and customers have been and are increasingly subject to cybersecurity attacks, risks and threats. Threat actors range in sophistication from individual hackers and insiders to ransom gangs and state-sponsored attackers. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our IT Systems or supply chain. The increased prevalence of remote working arrangements at AMD and our providers present additional operational risks and attack vectors to our IT Systems. Our IT Systems and Confidential Data are vulnerable to a range of cybersecurity risks and threats, including malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software, compromised commercial software or security vulnerabilities in our products or systems, or those of a third party, that are being used by attackers prior to mitigations being put in place, such as zero-day attacks. Cyberattacks have and may come into our IT Systems through the compromise of users access credentials. Users access credentials can be compromised by phishing, vishing, smishing, multi-factor authentication (MFA) prompt bombing, hacking, or other social engineering, cybersecurity, or theft activities. Threat actors are also increasingly using tools and techniques that circumvent controls, evade detection, and remove forensic evidence, which means that we and others may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures against, anticipate, detect, deflect, contain or recover from cyberattacks in a timely or effective manner. As AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, we may see more sophisticated threats created through the use of AI technology to launch more automated, targeted and coordinated cyberattacks. These attacks could be crafted with an AI tool to directly attack IT Systems with increased speed and/or efficiency than a human threat actor or create more effective phishing emails. In addition, the threat could be introduced from the result of our or our customers and business partners incorporating the output of an AI tool that includes a threat, such as introducing malicious code by incorporating AI generated source code. Our network and storage applications, as well as those of our customers, business partners, and third-party providers, may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions.Cyberattacks that breach our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, customers or business partners, could result in any or all of the following, which individually or collectively could materially adversely affect our financial condition, our competitive position; unauthorized access to, misuse or disclosure of Confidential Data (such as intellectual property, sensitive business information or personally identifiable information (PII)); reputational harm and/or diminution in our competitiveness; loss of existing and/or future customers; litigation and/or regulatory investigations or enforcement; significant remediation, restoration and compliance costs; and the diversion of management s attention and key information technology resources. In addition, many governments have enacted and are continuing to enact strict privacy and security laws, such as the UK s and European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which provide for fines, penalties, and in the case of the CCPA and similar legislation, the basis for private claims for certain types of data breaches. We anticipate ongoing and increasing costs related to enhancing and implementing information security controls, including costs related to upgrading application, computer, and network security components; training workers to maintain and monitor our security controls; investigating, responding to and remediating any data security breach, and addressing any related litigation or regulatory proceedings; mitigating reputational harm; and complying with external regulations. 37Table of ContentsUncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us.We typically sell our products pursuant to individual purchase orders. We generally do not have long-term supply arrangements with our customers or minimum purchase requirements except that orders generally must be for standard pack quantities. Generally, our customers may cancel orders for standard products more than 30 days prior to shipment without incurring significant fees. We base our inventory levels in part on customers estimates of demand for their products, which may not accurately predict the quantity or type of our products that our customers will want in the future or ultimately end up purchasing. Our ability to forecast demand is further complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties throughout the downstream channel. To the extent we fail to forecast demand and product mix accurately or are unable to increase production or secure sufficient capacity and there is a mismatch between supply and demand for our products, it could limit our ability to meet customer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business. Many of our markets are characterized by short product lifecycles, which can lead to rapid obsolescence and price erosion. In addition, our customers may change their inventory practices on short notice for any reason. For example, our Client segment revenue decreased due to a decline in the PC market in the first half of 2023, and our Embedded segment revenue decreased as a result of an inventory correction in several end markets in the second half of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. We may build inventories during periods of anticipated growth, and the cancellation or deferral of product orders or overproduction due to failure of anticipated orders to materialize could result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of inventory and an adverse effect on gross margins. Our customers may also experience a shortage of, or delay in receiving certain components to build their products, which in turn may affect the demand for or the timing of our products. For instance, OEMs have and continue to experience industry-wide challenges securing matched component sets to build their products. Excess or obsolete inventory have resulted in, and may in the future result in, write-downs of the value of our inventory. Factors that may result in excess or obsolete inventory, a reduction in the average selling price, or a reduction in our gross margin include: a sudden or significant decrease in demand for our products; a production or design defect in our products; a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements; a failure to accurately estimate customer demand for our products, including for our older products as our new products are introduced; or our competitors introducing new products or taking aggressive pricing actions. Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner includes the use of third-party intellectual property.In the design and development of new and enhanced products, we rely on third-party intellectual property such as development and testing tools for software and hardware. Furthermore, certain product features may rely on intellectual property acquired from third parties that we incorporate into our software or hardware. The design requirements necessary to meet customer demand for more features and greater functionality from semiconductor products may exceed the capabilities of the third-party intellectual property or development or testing tools available to us. If the third-party intellectual property that we use becomes unavailable, is not available with required functionality or performance in the time frame, manufacturing technology, or price point needed for our new products or fails to produce designs that meet customer demands, or laws are adopted that affect our use of third party intellectual property in certain regions or products, our business could be materially adversely affected.We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products.We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, graphics cards, software (e.g., BIOS, operating systems, drivers), memory and other components that we use to design, support and sell, and our customers utilize to support and/or use our product offerings. We also rely on our AIB partners to support our products. In addition, our microprocessors are not designed to function with motherboards and chipsets designed to work with Intel microprocessors. If the designers, manufacturers, AIBs and suppliers of motherboards, graphics cards, software, memory and other components cease or reduce their design, manufacture or production of current or future products that are based on, utilized in, or support our products, or laws are adopted that result in the same, our business could be materially adversely affected.38Table of ContentsIf we lose Microsoft Corporation s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected.Our ability to innovate beyond the x86 instruction set controlled by Intel depends partially on Microsoft designing and developing its operating systems to run on or support our x86-based microprocessor products. With respect to our graphics products, we depend in part on Microsoft to design and develop its operating system to run on or support our graphics products. Similarly, the success of our products in the market, such as our APU products, is dependent on independent software providers designing and developing software to run on our products. If Microsoft does not continue to design and develop its operating systems so that they work with our x86 instruction sets or does not continue to develop and maintain their operating systems to support our graphics products, independent software providers may forego designing their software applications to take advantage of our innovations and customers may not purchase PCs with our products. In addition, some software drivers licensed for use with our products are certified by Microsoft. If Microsoft did not certify a driver, or if we otherwise fail to retain the support of Microsoft or other software vendors, our ability to market our products would be materially adversely affected.Our reliance on third-party distributors and AIB partners subjects us to certain risks.We market and sell our products directly and through third-party distributors and AIB partners pursuant to agreements that can generally be terminated for convenience by either party upon prior notice. These agreements are non-exclusive and permit both our distributors and AIB partners to offer our competitors products. We are dependent on our distributors and AIB partners to supplement our direct marketing and sales efforts. If any significant distributor or AIB partner or a substantial number of our distributors or AIB partners terminated their relationship with us, decided to market our competitors products over our products or decided not to market our products at all, our ability to bring our products to market would be impacted and we would be materially adversely affected. We extend credit to certain of our distributors and AIB partners. If we are unable to collect accounts receivable from our significant distributors and/or AIB partners or incur higher allowances for credit losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and AIB partners or offer appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products, our business could be materially adversely affected.Additionally, distributors and AIB partners typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions, as well as provide return rights for any product that we have removed from our price book that is less than 12 months older than the manufacturing date. Some agreements with our distributors also contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. Our agreements with AIB partners protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. In the event of a significant decline in the price of our products, the price protection rights we offer would materially adversely affect us because our revenue and corresponding gross margin would decline.Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls.We rely upon a number of internal business processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. As such, our information systems will continually evolve and adapt in order to meet our business needs. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial demands on management time.These changes may also require changes in our information systems, modification of internal control procedures and significant training of employees and third-party resources. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. There can be no assurance that our business and operations will not experience any disruption in connection with this transition. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyberattacks, insider threat attacks, unauthorized system or data modifications, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business.39Table of ContentsIn addition, as our IT environment continues to evolve, we are embracing new ways of communicating and sharing data internally and externally with customers and partners using methods such as mobility and the cloud that can promote business efficiency. However, these practices can also result in a more distributed IT environment, making it more difficult for us to maintain visibility and control over internal and external users, and meet scalability and administrative requirements. If our security controls cannot keep pace with the speed of these changes or if we are not able to meet regulatory and compliance requirements, our business would be materially adversely affected.If our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware, we could be materially adversely affected.Our products may not be fully compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. Further, we may be unsuccessful in correcting any such compatibility problems in a timely manner. If our customers are unable to achieve compatibility with software or hardware, we could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the mere announcement of an incompatibility problem relating to our products could have a material adverse effect on our business.Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us.Products as complex as those we offer may contain defects or failures when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements to existing products are released. We cannot assure you that, despite our testing procedures, errors will not be found in new products or releases after commencement of commercial shipments in the future, which could result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, material recall and replacement costs, loss of revenue, writing down the inventory of defective products, the diversion of the attention of our engineering personnel from product development efforts, defending against litigation related to defective products or related liabilities, including property damage, personal injury, damage to our reputation in the industry and loss of data or intangible property, and could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. In addition, we may have difficulty identifying the end customers of the defective products in the field. As a result, we could incur substantial costs to implement modifications to correct defects. Any of these problems could materially adversely affect our business.We could be subject to potential product liability claims if one of our products causes, or merely appears to have caused, an injury, whether tangible or intangible. Claims may be made by consumers or others selling our products, and we may be subject to claims against us even if an alleged injury is due to the actions of others. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business.If we fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand for our products, our business could be materially adversely affected.Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Accordingly, we rely on our supply chain for the manufacturing, distribution and fulfillment of our products. As we continue to grow our business, expand to high-growth adjacent markets, acquire new customers and strengthen relationships with existing customers, the efficiency of our supply chain will become increasingly important because many of our customers tend to have specific requirements for particular products, geographic requirements, and specific time-frames in which they require delivery of these products. If we are unable to consistently deliver the right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management and information technology support services.We rely on third-party providers to operate our regional product distribution centers and to manage the transportation of our work-in-process and finished products among our facilities, to our third-party manufacturers and to our customers. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide certain information technology services to us, including help desk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage administration, data center operations, database administration and voice, video and remote access. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to our customers could be materially adversely affected. Also, we cannot guarantee that our contracts with these third-party providers will be renewed, in which case we would have to transition these functions in-house or secure new providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business if the transition is not executed appropriately.40Table of ContentsOur inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us.We market and sell our products directly to OEMs and through authorized third-party distributors. From time to time, our products are diverted from our authorized distribution channels and are sold on the gray market. Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it difficult to forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our distribution channels compete with these heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impacts our margins. In addition, our inability to control gray market activities could result in customer satisfaction issues because any time products are purchased outside our authorized distribution channels there is a risk that our customers are buying counterfeit or substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled or damaged, or are used products represented as new.Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business and the business of our suppliers and customers. Global climate change may result in certain natural disasters and climate-related events occurring with increasing frequency and severity and its physical impact on the major regions where we have operations has the potential to disrupt our business and those of our customers and suppliers. Our headquarters and some of our operations and facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to earthquakes and tsunamis, wildfires, extreme storms, extreme heat, drought, freezing, tropical cyclones and other natural disasters. Water and energy availability and reliability in the regions where we have facilities and where our suppliers have operations is important to our business. Certain natural disasters, including drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise and flooding could disrupt our operations and our suppliers or customers operations, including by disrupting, the availability of energy or water necessary for the operations of our business or those of our suppliers and customers. Global climate change is also resulting in chronic changes that result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, which could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our third parties. Such disruptions could cause delays in manufacturing or shipping our products, affect our supply chain and may result in the loss of business, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operation. We may also experience contractual disputes relating to supply chain delays resulting from climate change related disruptions, which could result in increased litigation and costs. Data centers depend on access to clean water and reliable energy, thus potential power or water shortages could impair our customers ability to expand their data center capacity and consume our products and services. Although we maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on coverage, availability and cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions. Additionally, our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition.Our business and the business of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related regulations, and contract terms, and may be subject to additional regulations and contract terms and lawsuits in the future. New increased regulations regarding carbon taxes, greenhouse gas emissions, fuel or energy taxes and other climate-related risks will likely result in greater costs; for example, as a result of carbon pricing impacts on electrical utilities and/or necessitating that we purchase more renewable energy than otherwise planned. Our supply chain manufacturing suppliers may be exposed to increased costs of doing business should they be affected by new climate-related expectations such as those affecting abatement equipment, renewable energy, and/or alter production processes and materials selections. The additional compliance costs incurred by our suppliers may be passed on to us and result in greater indirect costs to us. These costs and restrictions could materially harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses, impacting our reputation if there is actual or perceived non-compliance, or requiring us to alter our operations and products. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the technology industry are unclear but could be severe. Additionally, we are or expect to be subject to various new or proposed climate-related disclosure requirements and we expect to incur costs and resources in order to comply. Failure to accurately comply with such reporting obligations may result in enforcement actions, reputational harm or private litigation that could have a material adverse effect on us. 41Table of ContentsLegal and Regulatory RisksGovernment actions and regulations such as export regulations, tariffs, and trade protection measures may limit our ability to export our products to certain customers. We have equity interests in two joint ventures (collectively, the THATIC JV) with Higon Information Technology Co., Ltd. (THATIC), a third-party Chinese entity. In June 2019, the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) of the United States Department of Commerce added certain Chinese entities to the Entity List, including THATIC and the THATIC JV. Since that time, the United States administration has called for changes to domestic and foreign policy, including policies with respect to China and Russia. Specifically, United States-China trade relations remain uncertain as the United States continues to add more Chinese companies to the Entity List and more regulations targeted to advanced computing, semiconductor manufacturing, and emerging technologies such as AI. Further, the United States and other countries and coalitions have issued sanctions and revisions to export control and other regulations against Russia, Belarus and the DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine, due to the conflict in Ukraine. In October 2023, BIS issued new requirements for certain advanced computing items that apply to the export of products classified ECCN 3A090 or 4A090 to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, any of Country Groups D1, D4 or D5, including China. These controls prevent us from shipping certain AMD Instinct integrated circuits and certain AMD Versal FPGAs to China, or to customers outside of the United States whose ultimate parent is headquartered in a D5 country (including China), without a license. These controls also require us to file a Notified Advanced Computing (NAC) notification with BIS 25 days before shipping certain Versal FPGAs to China, or to customers outside of the United States whose ultimate parent is headquartered in a D5 country (including China). In December 2023, BIS published a series of frequently asked questions indicating an intent to revise certain sections of the controls issued in October. Such revisions may bring certain other products into the NAC notification requirement. The NAC notification process could result in BIS prohibiting a shipment or requiring a license application before shipping a product that is the subject of a NAC notification. BIS may issue new licensing requirements and regulatory controls in the future. Even new products that fall below the licensing thresholds may not be successful because we have no assurances BIS will agree that the alternative products are not subject to the new licensing requirements or that future regulations will not control the alternative products. A significant trade disruption or the establishment or increase of any tariffs, trade protection measures or restrictions, or retaliatory actions from foreign governments could result in lost sales adversely impacting our reputation and business. There is also a possibility of future tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export regulations or other restrictions imposed on our current and future products, customers, or suppliers by the United States, China or other countries that could have a material adverse effect on our business. New export control restrictions may adversely impact the ability of our research and development teams located outside of the United States from executing our product roadmaps in a timely manner or at all. In addition, deemed export restrictions could further affect our ability to provide services or develop products in the United States.United States export control regulations include restrictions or prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain AI technologies to United States embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. If there are changes to those regulations, or to the categorization of our products under those regulations, our ability to sell our products and services outside the United States may be harmed. The United States and its allies continue to focus on export restrictions targeting semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated products. The United States has imposed unilateral controls restricting GPUs and associated products, and in the future is likely to further adopt other unilateral or multilateral controls. The scope and application of such controls have been and may again be very broad, which may prohibit us from exporting our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, including but not limited to China, and could negatively impact our manufacturing, testing and warehousing locations, or could impose other conditions that limit our ability to meet demand abroad. If these export controls targeting semiconductors associated with AI including GPUs and associated products are further tightened, our ability to export our technology, products or services could be further restricted. We may be at a competitive disadvantage if our competitors are not subject to the same or similar restrictions. Additionally, such export controls have, and may in the future, subject downstream recipients of our products to additional restrictions on the use, resale, repair or transfer of our products and may have a material adverse effect on us. 42Table of ContentsWe may, from time to time, receive technical data from third parties that is subject to the International Traffic and Arms Regulations (ITAR), which are administered by the U.S. Department of State. Export Administration Regulation (EAR) governs the export and re-export of certain AMD products, including FPGAs, as well as the transfer of related technologies or provision of services, whether in the U.S. or abroad. We are required to maintain an internal compliance program and security infrastructure to meet EAR and ITAR requirements. An inability to obtain the required export licenses, or to predict when or pursuant to which conditions they will be granted, increases the difficulties of forecasting shipments. When we file license applications or Notification Advanced Computing (NAC) exception notices we have no assurance that BIS will grant any exemptions or licenses or that the BIS will act on the filings in a timely manner. Even if BIS grants a requested license, the license may come with burdensome conditions that we cannot or decide not to fulfill. In addition, security or compliance program failures that could result in penalties or a loss of export privileges, as well as stringent licensing restrictions that may make our products less attractive to overseas customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If we cannot realize our deferred tax assets, our results of operations could be adversely affected.Our deferred tax assets include net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards that can be used to offset taxable income and reduce income taxes payable in future periods. Each quarter, we consider both positive and negative evidence to determine whether all or a portion of the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. If we determine that some or all of our deferred tax assets are not realizable, it could result in a material expense in the period in which this determination is made which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.In addition, a significant amount of our deferred tax assets related to net operating losses or tax credits which remain under a valuation allowance could be subject to limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 or 383, separate return loss year rules, or dual consolidated loss rules. The limitations could reduce our ability to utilize the net operating losses or tax credits before the expiration of the tax attributes.Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities, and exposure to greater-than-anticipated income tax liabilities as a result of changes in tax rules and regulations, changes in interpretation of tax rules and regulations, or unfavorable assessments from tax audits, could affect our effective tax rates, financial condition, and results of operations.We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to income tax, indirect tax or other tax claims in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Any changes to tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our tax obligations and effective tax rate. Our income tax obligations could be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to, changes to our corporate operating structure, intercompany arrangements, and tax planning strategies.Our income tax expense is computed based on tax rates enacted at the time of the respective financial period. Our future effective tax rates, financial condition and results from operations could be unfavorably affected by changes in the tax rates in jurisdictions where our income is earned, by changes in the tax rules and regulations or the interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets. Many countries have implemented legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations and action plan that aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer pricing documentation rules, and nexus-based tax incentive practices. The OECD is also continuing discussions surrounding fundamental changes in allocation of profits among tax jurisdictions in which companies do business, as well as the implementation of a global minimum tax (namely Pillar One and Pillar Two ). Many countries we do business in have implemented laws based on Pillar Two, which may materially adversely impact our provision for income taxes, net income and cash flows. As a result of this heightened scrutiny, prior decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate income taxes could be subject to review and inquiry, which could also result in changes in tax policies or existing tax rulings, and may have a material adverse effect on us.43Table of ContentsIn addition, we are subject to examinations of our income tax returns by domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from the current examinations. There can be no assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our effective tax rates, financial condition, and results of operations.In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate income tax, indirect tax, or other tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot assure that the final determination of any tax audits or litigation will not be materially different from that which is reflected in historical tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit, assessment or litigation, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash, tax provisions and results of operations in the period or periods for which that determination is made.We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products.From time to time, we are a defendant or plaintiff in various legal actions, as described in Note 12 - Contingencies of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. For example, we have been subject to certain claims concerning federal securities laws and corporate governance. Our products are purchased by and/or used by consumers, which could increase our exposure to consumer actions such as product liability claims and consumer class action claims. On occasion, we receive claims that individuals were allegedly exposed to substances used in our former semiconductor wafer manufacturing facilities and that this alleged exposure caused harm. Litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and its outcome is uncertain. It is possible that if a claim is successfully asserted against us, it could result in the payment of damages that could be material to our business.With respect to intellectual property litigation, from time to time, we have been notified of, or third parties may bring or have brought, actions against us and/or against our customers based on allegations that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others, contributing to or inducing the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, improperly claiming ownership of intellectual property or otherwise improperly using the intellectual property of others. If any such claims are asserted, we may seek to obtain a license under the third parties intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain all of the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. These parties may file lawsuits against us or our customers seeking damages (potentially up to and including treble damages) or an injunction against the sale of products that incorporate allegedly infringed intellectual property or against the operation of our business as presently conducted, which could result in our having to stop the sale of some of our products or to increase the costs of selling some of our products or which could damage our reputation. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or other types of damages, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture and sale of some or all of our products could have a material adverse effect on us. We could decide, in the alternative, to redesign our products or to resort to litigation to challenge such claims. Such challenges could be extremely expensive and time-consuming regardless of their merit, could cause delays in product release or shipment and/or could have a material adverse effect on us. We cannot assure you that litigation related to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others can always be avoided or successfully concluded.Even if we were to prevail, any litigation could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us.44Table of ContentsWe are subject to environmental laws, conflict minerals regulations, as well as a variety of other laws or regulations that could result in additional costs and liabilities.Our operations and properties are subject to various United States and foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to materials used in our products and the manufacturing processes of our products, discharge of pollutants into the environment, the treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and remediation of contamination. In addition, our operations and those of our suppliers are further governed by regulations prohibiting the use of forced labor (e.g., mining conflict materials), and restrictions on other materials, as well as laws or regulations governing the operation of our facilities, sale and distribution of our products, and real property. For the manufacturing of our products, these laws and regulations require our suppliers to obtain permits for operations, including the discharge of air pollutants and wastewater. Although our management systems are designed to oversee our suppliers compliance, we cannot assure you that our suppliers have been or will be in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If our suppliers violate or fail to comply with any of them, a range of consequences could result, including fines, suspension of production, alteration of manufacturing processes, import/export restrictions, sales limitations, criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. Such non-compliance from our manufacturing suppliers could result in disruptions in supply, higher sourcing costs, and/or reputational damage for us. We could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of exposure to hazardous materials used, stored, released, disposed of by us or located at, under or emanating from our current or former facilities or other environmental or natural resource damage. We have been named as a responsible party at three Superfund sites in Sunnyvale, California and we are subject to Final Site Clean-up Requirements Orders from the California Regional Water Quality Control Board relating to the three sites and we have entered into settlement agreements with other responsible parties on two of the orders. During the term of such agreements, other parties have agreed to assume most of the foreseeable costs as well as the primary role in conducting remediation activities under the orders. We remain responsible for additional costs beyond the scope of the agreements as well as all remaining costs in the event that the other parties do not fulfill their obligations under the settlement agreements. The progress of future remediation efforts cannot be predicted with certainty and these costs may change. Although we have not been, we could be named a potentially responsible party at other Superfund or contaminated sites in the future. In addition, contamination that has not been identified could exist at our other facilities.Future environmental legal requirements may become more stringent or costly. As such, the costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances may increase and could have a material adverse effect on us.Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and tend to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union (EU) and China are among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic products. These regulations affect semiconductor devices and packaging. As regulations restricting materials in electronic products continue to increase around the world, there is a risk that the cost, quality and manufacturing yields of products that are subject to these restrictions may be less favorable compared to products that are not subject to such restrictions, or that the transition to compliant products may not meet customer roadmaps, or produce sudden changes in demand, which may result in excess inventory. Jurisdictions including the EU, Australia, California and China are developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications, and the like, as well as additional energy consumption limits. Certain of our products may be excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us. We incur costs associated with complying with conflict minerals reporting requirements to our customers and the SEC. In addition to the SEC regulation, the EU, China and other jurisdictions are developing new policies focused on conflict minerals that may impact and increase the cost of our compliance program. Customers are increasingly seeking information about the source of minerals used in our supply chain beyond those addressed in laws and regulations. Given the complexity of mineral supply chains, we may be unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals and thus our reputation may be harmed. Moreover, we are likely to encounter challenges to satisfy customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict free. If we cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor s products. In addition, new or increased regulations limiting the use of such components, or regulation regarding greenhouse gas emissions and climate change-related risks, could increase our energy costs, for example as a result of carbon pricing impacts on electrical utilities and/or necessitating that we purchase more renewable energy than otherwise planned. Our supply chain manufacturing suppliers may be exposed to increased cost of doing business should they be affected by new climate-related regulations, for example, affecting abatement equipment, renewable energy, and/or alter production processes and materials selections.45Table of ContentsIn addition to our Company, customers, governments and authorities continue to focus on eliminating risks of forced labor in supply chains which may increase the cost of our compliance program. Several customers have also issued expectations to eliminate these occurrences, if any, that may impact us. While we have a Human Rights Policy and management systems to identify and avoid these practices in our supply chain, we cannot guarantee that our suppliers will always be in conformance with laws and expectations. Our failure to satisfy customer expectations on forced and trafficked labor policies may result in these customers choosing a competitor s product or enforcement liability and reputational challenges.In addition, many governments have enacted laws around PII, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, and the failure to comply could result in sanctions or other actions by the governments. The GDPR imposes significant requirements on how we collect, process and transfer personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance.New emerging technology trends, such as AI, require us to keep pace with evolving regulations and industry standards. Given the complexity and rapid development of AI, there are various current and proposed regulatory frameworks relating to the use of AI in products and services in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions such as the EU. For example, in the EU, an AI act is being considered. Such laws and regulations may impede our ability to offer certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with them. We expect that the legal and regulatory environment relating to emerging technologies such as AI will continue to develop and could increase the cost of doing business, and create compliance risks and potential liability, all which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Governments are also considering the new issues in intellectual property law that AI creates, which could result in different intellectual property rights in technology we create with AI and development processes and procedures and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters could result in additional costs, harm to our reputation and a loss of customers.There are evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters including those involving the environment and climate, energy and water consumption, diversity and inclusion, human rights and cybersecurity. Additionally, we are and expect to continue to be subject to various new and proposed climate-related and sustainability laws and requirements that may impact how we and our suppliers and customers conduct business or report on business by requiring the disclosure and tracking of greenhouse gas emissions, climate change-related risks and other sustainability matters related to our business. As the nature, scope and complexity of corporate responsibility reporting and disclosure requirements continue to evolve, we may incur additional compliance costs and indirect compliance costs from our customers and, suppliers that are passed on to us. In addition, certain corporate responsibility laws and regulation may require us to modify our business or supply chain in ways that are costly or less efficient. Emerging legal and regulatory requirements, can be unpredictable, are subject to change, and may be difficult for us to comply with given the complexity of our supply chain and our outsourced manufacturing. Our failure to comply, or the appearance of our failure to comply, with these legal and regulatory requirements can result in regulatory penalties, fines and legal liabilities, increase costs, and harm our reputation any of which could materially adversely effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. While we have engaged, and in the future may continue to engage in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications, goals, or targets, among others) or commitments to improve our corporate responsibility profile and/or products or to respond to stakeholder expectations, such initiatives or achievement of such commitments may be costly, may not have the desired effect or may impact our reputation with other stakeholders and have a material adverse effect on our business. 46Table of ContentsFor example, we have publicly announced certain corporate responsibility goals spanning multiple topics informed by input from various of our stakeholders, including customers, investors and employees. These goals, which reflect our current plans and aspirations based on known conditions, may change in the future or may not be achieved, as they are subject to various challenges, risks and expectations such as standards, processes, and methodologies that continue to evolve or emerge, and many of these matters are outside our control. Our progress towards some goals receive third-party limited assurance and not reasonable assurance, or may rely on receipt of others information and data that may not be subject to either third-party limited or reasonable assurance. Any failure to achieve such goals, failure to achieve these goals within the set timeframe, or in the means expected, or the perception by stakeholders of such failure to achieve these goals may result in reputational or financial harm. Simultaneously, there are efforts by some stakeholders to reduce companies efforts on certain environmental, social and sustainability-related matters. Both advocates and opponents of environmental, social and sustainability matters are increasingly resorting to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns and litigation, to advance their perspectives. To the extent we are subject to such activism or litigation, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Stakeholder groups may find our stated goals to be insufficiently responsive to the implications of issues, such as climate change, and any failure to set or achieve corporate responsibility initiatives that meet stakeholder expectations may result in loss of customers or in investors selling their shares, which could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business.Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability.We offer products that include capabilities to support AI deployment and we expect this part of our business to grow. As with many new emerging technologies, AI presents risks and challenges and increasing legal, social and ethical concerns relating to its responsible use that could affect the adoption of AI, and thus our business. Third-party misuse of AI applications, models, or solutions, or ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or our customers, could cause harm to individuals or society and impair the public s acceptance of AI. Moreover, we may be subject to competitive harm, regulatory action and legal liability as a result of new and proposed legislation regulating AI, as well as new applications of existing data protection, privacy and intellectual property and other laws. Such regulations and changes thereto could cause us to incur greater compliance costs and could also impact our ability to sell or the ability of our customers and users worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our AI-related products and services, which could thus require us to change our business practices and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the AI-related products that we offer have unintended consequences, infringe intellectual property rights or rights of publicity, or are subject to or unintended usage or customization by our customers or are otherwise controversial due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, cybersecurity, employment or other social, economic or political issues the public s acceptance of AI may be impaired and this may also result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability to our business.The agreements governing our notes, our guarantees of the Assumed Xilinx Notes, and our Revolving Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business.The indenture governing our 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 and 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 contains various covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: create liens on certain assets to secure debt, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and consolidate with, merge into or sell, convey or lease all or substantially all of our assets to any other person.Additionally, in connection with the acquisition of Xilinx, we entered into supplemental indentures for the Xilinx s 2.950% Notes and 2.375% Notes (together, the Assumed Xilinx Notes), pursuant to which all obligations of Xilinx under the Assumed Xilinx Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by us. The indentures governing the Assumed Xilinx Notes also contain various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, create certain liens on principal property or the capital stock of certain subsidiaries, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal property, and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all our assets, taken as a whole, to another person.47Table of ContentsWe also have an unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion (Revolving Credit Agreement). Our Revolving Credit Agreement contains various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, incur liens; and consolidate or merge or sell our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety (in each case, except for certain customary exceptions). In addition, our Revolving Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. The agreement governing our convertible notes and our Revolving Credit Agreement contains provisions whereby a payment default or acceleration under certain agreements with respect to other material indebtedness would result in cross defaults under our convertible indenture or the Revolving Credit Agreement and allow note holders or the lenders under our Revolving Credit Agreement to declare all amounts outstanding under certain of our indentures or the Revolving Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable. If the lenders under our Revolving Credit Agreement accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings.Merger, Acquisition and Integration RisksAcquisitions, joint ventures, and/or investments, and the failure to integrate acquired businesses, may fail to materialize their anticipated benefits and could disrupt our business, which could adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. We have acquired and invested in businesses, and may continue to do so, that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand our product offerings and grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. Acquisitions or joint ventures include numerous risks including our inability to identify suitable opportunities in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us; failure to complete a transaction in a timely manner, or at all, due to our inability to obtain required government or other approvals or IP disputes or other litigation; difficulty in obtaining financing on terms acceptable to us or at all; or other unforeseen factors. Even if we successfully complete an acquisition or joint venture, we may not be able to realize any of the anticipated benefits in a timely manner or at all for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: difficulty in integrating the technology, systems, products, policies, processes or operations and integrating and retaining the employees including key personnel of the acquired business; diversion of capital and other resources, including management s attention from our existing business; unanticipated costs or liabilities, such as increased interest expense and compliance with debt covenants or other obligations; coordinating and integrating in countries in which we have not previously operated; the potential impact of the acquisitions on our relationships with employees, vendors, suppliers and customers; our inability to effectively retain suppliers, vendors and customers of the acquired businesses; entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no experience; adverse changes in general economic conditions in regions in which we and the acquired companies operate; potential litigation associated with the acquisitions; difficulties in the assimilation of employees and culture; difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a larger and more complex company; and difficulties with integrating and upgrading our and the acquired companies financial reporting systems. Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, to complete an acquisition, we may issue equity securities, which would dilute our stockholders ownership and could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and/or incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, we may not adequately assess the risks of new business initiatives and subsequent events may arise that alter the risks that were initially considered. Acquisitions, joint ventures and other investments involve significant challenges and risks and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Acquisitions or joint ventures may also reduce our cash available for operation and other uses which could harm our business. For example, the majority of our ATMP services are provided by the ATMP JVs, and there is no guarantee that the JVs will be able to fulfill our long-term ATMP requirements. If we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from the ATMP JVs, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not realize the expected benefits from the THATIC JV s expected future performance, including the receipt of any future milestone payments and any royalties from certain licensed intellectual property. In June 2019, the BIS added certain Chinese entities to the Entity List, including THATIC and the THATIC JV. We are complying with U.S. law pertaining to the Entity List designation. 48Table of ContentsFurthermore, we may at times invest in private companies to further our strategic objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. Many of the instruments that we invest in are non-marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest in are not successful, we could recognize an impairment and/or lose all or part of our investment. Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations.We account for certain acquisitions, including the Xilinx, Inc. (Xilinx) and Pensando Systems Inc. (Pensando) acquisitions, using the acquisition method of accounting under the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations, with AMD representing the accounting acquirer under this guidance. We record assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, and liabilities assumed, at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase price over the net fair value of such assets and liabilities will be recorded as goodwill. In connection with the Xilinx and Pensando acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are tested for impairment at least annually, and all tangible and intangible assets including goodwill will be tested for impairment when certain indicators are present. If, in the future, we determine that tangible or intangible assets, including goodwill, are impaired, we would record an impairment charge at that time. Impairment testing of goodwill requires significant use of judgment and assumptions, particularly as it relates to the determination of fair value. Subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we monitor for any events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management s business strategy, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace, an inability to successfully achieve internal forecasts or significant declines in our stock price, which may represent an indicator of impairment. A decrease in the long-term economic outlook and future cash flows of our business could significantly impact asset values and potentially result in the impairment of tangible and intangible assets, including goodwill and may require us to record future impairment charges, which may have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.General RisksOur worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us.We maintain operations around the world, including in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, Latin America and Asia. We rely on third-party wafer foundries in the United States, Europe and Asia. Nearly all product assembly and final testing of our products is performed at third-party operated manufacturing facilities, in China, Malaysia and Taiwan. Our shipping services are provided by third-party subcontractors. We also have international sales operations. International sales, as a percent of net revenue, were 60% for the three months ended March 30, 2024. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. The political, legal and economic risks associated with our worldwide operations include, without limitation: expropriation; changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions; changes in tax laws, trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements and restrictions; difficulties in protecting our intellectual property; difficulties in managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; restrictions on transfers of funds and other assets of our subsidiaries between jurisdictions; changes in freight rates; changes to macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, inflation and recession; transportation restrictions or disruptions; loss or modification of exemptions for taxes and tariffs; and compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to international operations, including export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Recently, the U.S. and other countries and coalitions have issued sanctions and revisions to export control and other regulations against Russia, Belarus, and the DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine, due to the conflict in Ukraine. Also, geopolitical changes between China and Taiwan could disrupt the operations of our Taiwan-based third-party wafer foundries, manufacturing facilities and subcontractors, and materially adversely affect delivery of products and our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Moreover, the Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Hamas conflicts could escalate and expand, which in turn could have negative impacts on the global economy and financial markets.49Table of ContentsIn addition, our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners) could be subject to natural disasters and climate change such as earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, tropical cyclones, droughts, fires, sea-level rise, extreme heat and volcanic eruptions that disrupt our operations, or those of our manufacturers, vendors or customers. For example, our California operations are located near major earthquake fault lines. In April 2024, Taiwan experienced an earthquake where our third-party wafer foundries are located. We also have operations and employees in regions that have experienced extreme weather such as prolonged heat waves, wildfires and freezing. Extreme weather events and natural disasters can also disrupt the ability of our suppliers to deliver expected manufacturing parts and/or services for periods of time. In addition, certain natural disasters, including drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise and flooding, could disrupt the availability of water necessary for the operations of our business or the business of our suppliers or customers. Global climate change also may result in chronic changes that result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, which could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our third parties. There may be conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we, our customers and suppliers operate, including public health issues, epidemics and pandemics, safety issues, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents or general economic or political factors. Global health outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have and may continue to adversely affect our employees, disrupt our business operations, as well those of our customers and suppliers. Public health measures by government authorities may cause us to incur additional costs, limit our operations, modify our business practices, diminish employee productivity or disrupt our supply chain, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. The U.S. has been and may continue to be involved in armed conflicts that could have a further impact on our sales and our supply chain. The consequences of armed conflict, political instability or civil or military unrest are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have a material adverse effect on us. Terrorist attacks or other hostile acts may negatively affect our operations, or adversely affect demand for our products, and such attacks or related armed conflicts may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers. Furthermore, these attacks or hostile acts may make travel and the transportation of our products more difficult and more expensive, which could materially adversely affect us. Any of these events could cause consumer spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the U.S. economy and worldwide financial markets. Any of the above risks, should they occur, could result in increased costs, shipment delays, general business interruptions, the inability to obtain, or delays in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, penalties or a loss of export privileges, as well as stringent licensing restrictions that may make our products less attractive to international customers, tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, longer payment cycles, increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, any of which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business.We may incur future impairments of our technology license purchases.We license certain third-party technologies and tools for the design and production of our products. We report the value of those licenses as other non-current assets on the balance sheet and we periodically evaluate the carrying value of those licenses based on their future economic benefit to us. Factors such as the life of the assets, changes in competing technologies, and changes to the business strategy may represent an indicator of impairment. The occurrence of any of these events may require us to record future technology license impairment charges.Our inability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our business.Much of our future success depends upon the continued service of numerous qualified engineering, marketing, sales and executive employees. Competition for highly skilled executives and employees in the technology industry, especially in the areas of AI and machine learning, is intense and our competitors have targeted individuals in our organization that have desired skills and experience. If we are not able to continue to attract, train and retain our leadership team and our qualified employees necessary for our business, the progress of our product development programs could be hindered, and we could be materially adversely affected. We use share-based incentive awards to help attract, retain and motivate our executives and qualified employees. If the value of such stock awards does not appreciate as measured by the performance of the price of our common stock, or if our share-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain and motivate our executives and employees could be weakened, which could harm our results of operations. Also, if the value of our stock awards increases substantially, this could potentially create great personal wealth for our executives and employees and affect our ability to retain our personnel. In addition, any future restructuring plans may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain key employees.50Table of ContentsOur stock price is subject to volatility.Our stock price has experienced price and volume fluctuations and could be subject to wide fluctuations in the future. The trading price of our stock may fluctuate widely due to various factors including actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial conditions and operating results, changes in financial estimates by us or financial estimates and ratings by securities analysts, changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public, interest rate changes, inflation, news regarding our products or products of our competitors, and broad market and industry fluctuations. Stock price fluctuations could impact the value of our equity compensation, which could affect our ability to recruit and retain employees. In addition, volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities.We have an approved stock repurchase program that authorizes repurchases of up to $12 billion of our common stock (Repurchase Program). As of March 30, 2024, $5.6 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Our stock repurchases could affect the trading price of our stock, the volatility of our stock price, reduce our cash reserves, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which may result in a decrease in our stock price.51Table of ContentsIssuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesWe have an approved stock repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $12 billion of our common stock (Repurchase Program). We expect to fund repurchases through cash generated from operations. Our Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of common stock for the three months ended March 30, 2024:The amounts above do not include the 1% excise tax on stock repurchases enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.Equity Award Share WithholdingDuring the three months ended March 30, 2024, there were $172 million in employee withholding taxes due upon the vesting of net settled equity awards. We withheld approximately 0.9 million shares of common stock from employees in connection with such net share settlement at an average price of $186.48 per share. These shares may be deemed to be issuer purchases of shares.52Table of ContentsItem 5(c) Rule 10b5-1 Trading PlansOn March 7, 2024, Jean Hu, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 40,000 shares of the Company s common stock until March 7, 2025. 53Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 54Table of ContentsSIGNATUREPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 55 EX-31.1 2 exh311302certofceo-q110q24.htm EX-31.1 DocumentExhibit 31.1Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002I, Lisa T. Su, certify that:1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the Company );2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: a)designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;b)designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;c)evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; andd)disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a)all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; andb)any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. EX-31.2 3 exh312302certofcfo-q110q24.htm EX-31.2 DocumentExhibit 31.2Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002I, Jean Hu, certify that:1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the Company );2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: a)designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;b)designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;c)evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; andd)disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): Exhibit 31.2a)all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; andb)any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. EX-32.1 4 exh321906certofceo-q110q24.htm EX-32.1 DocumentExhibit 32.1Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the "Company") hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that:(i.)the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended March 30, 2024 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii.)the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. EX-32.2 5 exh322906certofcfo-q110q24.htm EX-32.2 DocumentExhibit 32.2Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (the "Company") hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that:(i.)the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended March 30, 2024 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii.)the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. EX-101.SCH 6 amd-20240330.xsd XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 0000001 - Document - Cover Page link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000002 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000003 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000004 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000005 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000006 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000007 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000008 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000009 - Disclosure - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000010 - Disclosure - Related Parities - Equity Joint Ventures link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000011 - Disclosure - Debt and Revolving Facility link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000012 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000013 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000014 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Employee Equity Plans link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000015 - Disclosure - Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000016 - Disclosure - Segment Reporting link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000017 - Disclosure - Contingencies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000018 - Disclosure - Pending Acquisition link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000019 - Disclosure - The Company link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000020 - Disclosure - Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000021 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets, Goodwill and Other link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000022 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954471 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954472 - Disclosure - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954473 - Disclosure - Debt and Revolving Facility (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954474 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954475 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954476 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Employee Equity Plans (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954477 - Disclosure - Segment Reporting (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954478 - Disclosure - Commitment and Contingencies (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954479 - Disclosure - Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954480 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets, Goodwill and Other (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954481 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954482 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954483 - Disclosure - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954484 - Disclosure - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information - Revenue (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954484 - Disclosure - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information - Revenue (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954485 - Disclosure - Related Parities - Equity Joint Ventures (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954486 - Disclosure - Debt and Revolving Facility - Schedule of Debt (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954487 - Disclosure - Debt and Revolving Facility - Narrative (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954488 - Disclosure - Debt and Revolving Facility Payment Due (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954489 - Disclosure - Debt and Revolving Facility (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954490 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments - Narrative (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954491 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments - Schedule of Carrying Amounts and Estimated Fair Values of Financial Instruments not Recorded at Fair Value (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954492 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments - Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities Fair Value Measurements (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954493 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954494 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Employee Equity Plans - Common Stock Activity (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954495 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Employee Equity Plans - Schedule of Stock-based Compensation Expense (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954496 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Employee Equity Plans (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954497 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954498 - Disclosure - Segment Reporting (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954499 - Disclosure - Contingencies (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954500 - Disclosure - Pending Acquisition (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954501 - Disclosure - Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954502 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets, Goodwill and Other (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 9954503 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink EX-101.CAL 7 amd-20240330_cal.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101.DEF 8 amd-20240330_def.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101.LAB 9 amd-20240330_lab.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Value Assigned Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Value Assigned Goodwill, Acquired During Period Goodwill, Acquired During Period Statistical Measurement [Domain] Statistical Measurement [Domain] Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Authorized Repurchase Amount Share Repurchase Program, Remaining Authorized, Amount Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss, before Tax Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss, before Tax Non-deductible Intangible Assets Non-deductible Intangible Assets [Member] Non-deductible Intangible Assets Cover [Abstract] Cover [Abstract] Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect Other current liabilities Other Liabilities, Current Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Ownership percentage Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Including Lease Not yet Commenced, to be Paid, Year Five Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year Five All Trading Arrangements All Trading Arrangements [Member] Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Axis] Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Axis] Compensation Actually Paid vs. Net Income Compensation Actually Paid vs. Net Income [Text Block] Non-NEOs Non-NEOs [Member] Components of Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block] Assets Sold under Agreements to Repurchase, Type [Domain] Assets Sold under Agreements to Repurchase, Type [Domain] Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Adopted Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Adopted [Flag] Awards Close in Time to MNPI Disclosures Awards Close in Time to MNPI Disclosures [Table] Gaming Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom [Member] Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom [Member] Income Taxes Paid, Net Income Taxes Paid, Net Investment: equity method Carrying value of investment Equity Method Investments Pay vs Performance Disclosure [Line Items] Peer Group Total Shareholder Return Amount Peer Group Total Shareholder Return Amount Short-term Investments Short-Term Investments [Member] Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Domain] Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Domain] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Start Date [Axis] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Start Date [Axis] Accounts receivable, net Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable Equity Securities, FV-NI, Gain (Loss) Equity Securities, FV-NI, Gain (Loss) The Company Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block] Non-Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Adopted Non-Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Adopted [Flag] Hedging Relationship [Domain] Hedging Relationship [Domain] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Line Items] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Line Items] Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, Rolling within One Year, Amortized Cost Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, Rolling within One Year, Amortized Cost Fair Value Disclosures Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block] Change in Accounting Principle, Indirect Effect [Domain] Change in Accounting Principle, Indirect Effect [Domain] Award Timing Disclosures [Line Items] Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Expense, after Tax Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Expense, after Tax Investment, Name [Domain] Investment, Name [Domain] Other Performance Measure, Amount Other Performance Measure, Amount Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Three Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Three Goodwill [Line Items] Goodwill [Line Items] 147000000 Portion at Fair Value Measurement [Member] Common stock, outstanding (in shares) Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding Receivables from related parties Other Receivables, Net, Current Long-term operating lease liabilities Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent Cash Flow Hedging Cash Flow Hedging [Member] Other non-current assets Other Assets, Noncurrent Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Business Combination Replacement Awards Business Combination Replacement Awards [Member] Business Combination Replacement Awards Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross Government money market funds Money Market Funds [Member] Operating Segments Operating Segments [Member] Marketing, general and administrative Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member] Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, Total Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Treasury Stock, Common Treasury Stock, Common [Member] Cash flows from operating activities: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] US Treasury Securities US Treasury Securities [Member] Equity Components [Axis] Equity Components [Axis] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Including Lease Not yet Commenced, to be Paid, Year Two Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year Two Other Assets, Current Other Assets, Current Award Timing Method Award Timing Method [Text Block] Trading Arrangements, by Individual Trading Arrangements, by Individual [Table] Debt Securities, Available-for-sale Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale Trade Names Trade Names [Member] Business Acquisition, Pro Forma Net Income (Loss) Business Acquisition, Pro Forma Net Income (Loss) Measurement Frequency [Axis] Measurement Frequency [Axis] Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Insider Trading Policies and Procedures [Line Items] Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired [Abstract] Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired [Abstract] Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain] Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain] Secured Revolving Credit Facility Secured Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Secured Revolving Credit Facility Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year Three Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year Three Adjustment to Compensation, Amount Adjustment to Compensation Amount Investments [Domain] Investments [Domain] Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable Additional paid-in capital Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock Compensation Amount Outstanding Recovery Compensation Amount Number of joint ventures Number of Joint Ventures Number of Joint Ventures Non-cash investing and financing activities: Cash Flow, Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Disclosure [Abstract] Aggregate Change in Present Value of Accumulated Benefit for All Pension Plans Reported in Summary Compensation Table Aggregate Change in Present Value of Accumulated Benefit for All Pension Plans Reported in Summary Compensation Table [Member] Entity Small Business Entity Small Business Developed Technology Rights Developed Technology Rights [Member] Company Selected Measure Amount Company Selected Measure Amount Tabular List, Table Tabular List [Table Text Block] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] Repurchases of common stock Stock Repurchased During Period, Value Aggregate Grant Date Fair Value of Equity Award Amounts Reported in Summary Compensation Table Aggregate Grant Date Fair Value of Equity Award Amounts Reported in Summary Compensation Table [Member] Other Non-Current Assets Schedule of Other Assets, Noncurrent [Table Text Block] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Other Noncurrent Assets Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Other Noncurrent Assets Accrued Income Taxes, Noncurrent Accrued Income Taxes, Noncurrent Accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities Accrued Liabilities, Current Revolving Credit Facility Revolving Credit Facility NOT USED [Member] Revolving Credit Facility NOT USED Fair Value of Common Stock Issued As Acquisition Consideration Fair Value of Common Stock Issued As Acquisition Consideration [Member] Fair Value of Common Stock Issued As Acquisition Consideration Credit Facility [Domain] Credit Facility [Domain] Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Total cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents Accrued marketing programs Accrued Marketing Costs, Current 3.924% and 4.393% Senior Notes due 2032 and 2052 3.924% and 4.393% Senior Notes due 2032 and 2052 [Member] 3.924% and 4.393% Senior Notes due 2032 and 2052 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Line Items] Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Line Items] Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Line Items] Current assets: Assets, Current [Abstract] Goodwill Goodwill Consolidation Items [Axis] Consolidation Items [Axis] THATIC JV THATIC JV [Member] THATIC JV [Member] Percentage of Revenue to Total Revenue Percentage of Revenue to Total Revenue Percentage of Revenue to Total Revenue Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-Based Payment Arrangement Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-Based Payment Arrangement Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-Based Payment Arrangement Stock Repurchase Program, Authorized Amount Share Repurchase Program, Authorized, Amount Treasury Stock, Common, Shares Treasury Stock, Common, Shares Customer Contracts Customer Contracts [Member] Forgone Recovery due to Disqualification of Tax Benefits, Amount Forgone Recovery due to Disqualification of Tax Benefits, Amount Employee Stock Option Employee Stock Option [Member] Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities Total comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent Accrued Income Taxes, Current Accrued Income Taxes, Current Liabilities Assumed, RSU Tax Withholding [Abstract] Liabilities Assumed, RSU Tax Withholding Liabilities Assumed, RSU Tax Withholding Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date [Table Text Block] us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurring-Def Comp us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurring-Def Comp [Member] us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurring-Def Comp Award Type Award Type [Axis] Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net Related Party Transaction [Domain] Related Party Transaction [Domain] Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption, Adjustment Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption, Adjustment [Member] Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, all others Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, all others Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, all others Resale to ATMP JV resale to ATMP JV Resale to ATMP JV is a pass through. The company buy inventory on behalf of ATMP JV and resale to ATMP JV Work in process Inventory, Work in Process, Net of Reserves Property and equipment, net Total property and equipment, net Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Repayments of Debt Repayments of Debt Less: current portion of long-term debt and related unamortized debt premium and issuance costs Short-Term Debt Gaming Gaming [Member] Gaming Convertible Debt Convertible Debt [Member] Schedule of Acquired Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets by Major Class Schedule of Acquired Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Table Text Block] Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Forgone Recovery, Explanation of Impracticability Forgone Recovery, Explanation of Impracticability [Text Block] Research and development Research and Development Expense Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets, Weighted Average Useful Life Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Weighted Average Useful Life Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table] Schedule of Share-Based Compensation Arrangements by Share-Based Payment Award [Table] Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Expiration Date Trading Arrangement Expiration Date Net cash provided by operating activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract] Accounts Receivable, Net Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss [Abstract] Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract] Total Shareholder Return Amount Total Shareholder Return Amount Unamortized debt issuance costs Debt Issuance Costs, Noncurrent, Net Common stock, issued (in shares) Balance, beginning of period (in shares) Balance, end of period (in shares) Common Stock, Shares, Issued Equity Awards Adjustments, Footnote Equity Awards Adjustments, Footnote [Text Block] Maximum borrowing capacity Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity Insider Trading Policies and Procedures Adopted Insider Trading Policies and Procedures Adopted [Flag] Accumulated depreciation Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment Subsequent Event [Line Items] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Noncurrent Liabilities, Long-term Debt Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Noncurrent Liabilities, Long-Term Debt Debt Instrument [Line Items] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Named Executive Officers, Footnote Named Executive Officers, Footnote [Text Block] Research and development Research and Development Expense [Member] Other assets Other Assets Common stock, authorized (in shares) Common Stock, Shares Authorized Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired Basis of Presentation Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block] Diluted (in shares) Diluted weighted-average shares (in shares) Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent [Abstract] MNPI Disclosure Timed for Compensation Value MNPI Disclosure Timed for Compensation Value [Flag] Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Remainder of Fiscal Year Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Remainder of Fiscal Year Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Long-Term Debt, Type [Axis] Total stockholders equity Beginning balance Ending balance Equity, Attributable to Parent Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Treasury stock, at cost (shares held: 48 and 47) Treasury Stock, Value Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Including Lease Not yet Commenced, to be Paid, Year Four Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year Four Construction in progress Construction in Progress, Gross Business Combinations [Abstract] Balance Sheet Location [Axis] Statement of Financial Position Location, Balance [Axis] Schedule of Goodwill Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block] Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from Sale of Short-Term Investments Letters of credit outstanding, amount Letters of Credit Outstanding, Amount Business Acquisition, Pro Forma Information Business Acquisition, Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block] Marketing, general and administrative Selling, General and Administrative Expense Other comprehensive income (loss) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent Fair Value, Recurring Fair Value, Recurring [Member] Accounts receivable, net Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Conversion price (in usd per share) Debt Instrument, Convertible, Conversion Price Cost of sales Cost of Sales [Member] Summary of Investment Holdings, Schedule of Investments Summary of Investment Holdings, Schedule of Investments [Table Text Block] Transfer of assets for acquisition of property and equipment Noncash or Part Noncash Acquisition, Fixed Assets Acquired Change in Accounting Principle, Indirect Effect [Axis] Change in Accounting Principle, Indirect Effect [Axis] Pension Adjustments Prior Service Cost Pension Adjustments Prior Service Cost [Member] Document Fiscal Period Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Four Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Four Business Combination, Acquisition Related Costs Business Combination, Acquisition Related Costs All Executive Categories All Executive Categories [Member] Long-Term Debt, Maturity, after Year Five Long-Term Debt, Maturity, after Year Five Balance Sheet Location [Domain] Statement of Financial Position Location, Balance [Domain] Pre-Combination Unvested Restricted Stock Units Assumed Pre-Combination Unvested Restricted Stock Units Assumed [Member] Pre-Combination Unvested Restricted Stock Units Assumed Equity Securities Equity Securities [Member] Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Two Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Two Changed Peer Group, Footnote Changed Peer Group, Footnote [Text Block] ASSETS Assets [Abstract] Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table] Investment Holdings [Table] Restricted cash included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted Cash, Current Document Type Document Type Derivative Contract [Domain] Derivative Contract [Domain] Commercial Paper [Member] Commercial Paper [Member] 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 [Member] 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 [Member] Pension Benefits Adjustments, Footnote Pension Benefits Adjustments, Footnote [Text Block] Summary of Net Revenue and Operating Income (Loss) by Segment Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block] Total Shareholder Return Vs Peer Group Total Shareholder Return Vs Peer Group [Text Block] Post-Combination Unvested Restricted Stock Units Assumed Post-Combination Unvested Restricted Stock Units Assumed [Member] Post-Combination Unvested Restricted Stock Units Assumed Estimated license fees expected to be earned over several years pursuant to a licensing agreement Estimated License Fees Earned Over Time Total amount before taxes of estimated other operating income from license fees expected be earned over several years pursuant to a licensing agreement. Termination fee to be paid, change in recommendation Liabilities Subject to Compromise, Early Contract Termination Fees, Change in Board Recommendation Liabilities Subject to Compromise, Early Contract Termination Fees, Change in Board Recommendation Business Combination, Pro Forma Information, Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date, Actual Business Combination, Pro Forma Information, Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date, Actual Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Amortized Cost Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Amortized Cost Current portion of long-term debt, net Short-Term Debt, Fair Value Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block] Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Overnight Index Swap Rate Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Overnight Index Swap Rate [Member] Subsequent Event [Table] Subsequent Event [Table] Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill) Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill) Maximum Maximum [Member] Amortization of Intangible Assets Amortization of Intangible Assets Equity Valuation Assumption Difference, Footnote Equity Valuation Assumption Difference, Footnote [Text Block] 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 [Member] 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net Accounts payable Accounts Payable, Current Investment Type [Axis] Investment Type [Axis] Xilinx Xilinx [Member] Xilinx Unamortized debt discount Debt Instrument, Unamortized Discount ATMP JV ATMP JV [Member] ATMP JV [Member] Business Combination Disclosure Business Combination Disclosure [Text Block] Current Fiscal Year End Date Current Fiscal Year End Date Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, Rolling within One Year, Fair Value Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, Rolling within One Year, Fair Value Short-Term Investments Short-Term Investments Incremental Weighted Average Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect [Abstract] Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted, Adjustment [Abstract] Statistical Measurement [Axis] Statistical Measurement [Axis] PEO Name PEO Name Non-Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Terminated Non-Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Terminated [Flag] All Award Types Award Type [Domain] Non-PEO NEO Average Total Compensation Amount Non-PEO NEO Average Total Compensation Amount Name Outstanding Recovery, Individual Name Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Cash and Equivalents Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Cash and Equivalents Common stock issued under employee equity plans (in shares) Shares Issued, Shares, Share-Based Payment Arrangement, after Forfeiture Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items] Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items] Compensation Actually Paid vs. Company Selected Measure Compensation Actually Paid vs. Company Selected Measure [Text Block] Transferred over Time Transferred over Time [Member] Deferred tax assets Deferred Income Tax Assets, Net Non-PEO NEO Non-PEO NEO [Member] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Assets Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Assets Investments, Fair Value Disclosure Investments, Fair Value Disclosure Additional paid-in capital Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Hedging Relationship [Axis] Hedging Relationship [Axis] Award Timing Predetermined Award Timing Predetermined [Flag] Pensando Pensando [Member] Pensando Common and Treasury Stock Issued Common and Treasury Stock Issued [Member] Common and Treasury Stock Issued Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Class of Stock [Line Items] Class of Stock [Line Items] Investment, Name [Axis] Investment, Name [Axis] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Deferred Tax Liabilities Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Deferred Tax Liabilities Customer Relationships Customer Relationships [Member] Significant Accounting Policies, Recently Adopted Accounting Standards and Recently Issued Accounting Standards New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Axis] Diluted (in usd per share) Earnings Per Share, Diluted Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Periodic Reduction Name Measure Name 2.95% Senior Notes due 2024 2.95% Senior Notes due 2024 [Member] 2.95% Senior Notes due 2024 Entity Interactive Data Current Entity Interactive Data Current Restatement does not require Recovery Restatement Does Not Require Recovery [Text Block] Ownership [Axis] Ownership [Axis] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Including Lease Not yet Commenced, to be Paid, after Year Five Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, after Year Five Total Assumed Unvested Restricted Stock Units Total Assumed Unvested Restricted Stock Units [Member] Total Assumed Unvested Restricted Stock Units Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased Share Repurchase Program, Remaining Authorized, Number of Shares Disaggregation of Revenue [Table] Disaggregation of Revenue [Table] Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Securities or Other Assets Sold under Agreements to Repurchase [Axis] Securities or Other Assets Sold under Agreements to Repurchase [Axis] Available for Sale Securities Maturing in Five Years and Later Available for Sale Securities Maturing in Five Years and Later [Member] Available for Sale Securities Maturing in Five Years and Later Asset-backed Securities Asset-Backed Securities [Member] Stock-based compensation Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Period Increase (Decrease) Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Period Increase (Decrease) Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations, Adjustment of Deferred Tax (Asset) Liability Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations, Adjustment of Deferred Tax (Asset) Liability Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Transition Tax for Accumulated Foreign Earnings, Liability, Noncurrent Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Transition Tax for Accumulated Foreign Earnings, Liability, Noncurrent Business acquisition, conversion ratio Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable, Entity Shares Issued Per Acquiree Share Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable, Entity Shares Issued Per Acquiree Share Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Inventory Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Inventory Equity Method Investments Equity Method Investments [Member] Income tax provision (benefit) Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Stated interest rate Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage Derivative, notional amount Derivative, Notional Amount Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item, Corporate Nonsegment Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item, Corporate Nonsegment [Member] Other Fair Value Disclosure [Line Items] Schedule of Investments [Line Items] Issuance of common stock warrants Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Warrant Issued Supplemental cash flow information: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract] Common Stock and Employee Equity Plans Shareholders' Equity and Share-Based Payments [Text Block] Net revenue Total net revenue Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Inventory Write-down Inventory Write-down Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Deferred Tax Assets Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Deferred Tax Assets Effective tax rate Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities, Total Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Operating income (loss) Total operating income (loss) Operating Income (Loss) Interest expense Interest Expense, Operating and Nonoperating Business Acquisition [Line Items] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Variable Rate [Domain] Variable Rate [Domain] Number of reportable segments Number of Reportable Segments Total liabilities and stockholders equity Liabilities and Equity Pending Acquisition Subsequent Events [Text Block] Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Terminated Rule 10b5-1 Arrangement Terminated [Flag] All Adjustments to Compensation All Adjustments to Compensation [Member] Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis] Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis] Accrued compensation and benefits Employee-related Liabilities, Current Prepaid expenses and other assets Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Swingline Subfacility Swingline Subfacility [Member] Swingline Subfacility [Member] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt Schedule of Maturities of Long-Term Debt [Table Text Block] Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies Organization, Consolidation, Basis of Presentation, Business Description and Accounting Policies [Text Block] Operating lease right-of-use assets acquired by assuming related liabilities Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability Underlying Security Market Price Change Underlying Security Market Price Change, Percent Individual: Individual [Axis] Related Party Transaction [Axis] Related Party Transaction [Axis] Accumulated other comprehensive loss: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member] Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity, Fair Value Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity, Fair Value Performance obligations expected to be satisfied, expected timing Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Period Other than Temporary Impairment Losses, Investments Other than Temporary Impairment Losses, Investments Balance Sheet Related Disclosures [Abstract] Balance Sheet Related Disclosures [Abstract] Inventories Inventories, Total Inventory, Net US Government Agencies Debt Securities US Government Agencies Debt Securities [Member] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Long-Term Debt, Type [Domain] Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Statement [Line Items] Statement [Line Items] business combination transaction value business combination transaction value business combination transaction value Erroneous Compensation Analysis Erroneous Compensation Analysis [Text Block] Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligations Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligations [Table Text Block] Payables to related parties Accounts Payable, Other Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Net Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Net Property and Equipment, Net Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block] Compensation Actually Paid vs. Total Shareholder Return Compensation Actually Paid vs. Total Shareholder Return [Text Block] Financial Instruments [Domain] Financial Instruments [Domain] Transaction value Business Combination, Consideration Transferred LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities and Equity [Abstract] Derivative, term of contract Derivative, Term of Contract Change in Accounting Principle, Type [Axis] Change in Accounting Principle, Type [Axis] Embedded Embedded [Member] Embedded Employee Benefits and Share-based Compensation Employee Benefits and Share-Based Compensation Unamortized debt premium, discount and issuance costs, net Debt Instrument, Unamortized Discount (Premium) and Debt Issuance Costs, Net Minimum Minimum [Member] Interest Due Interest Due [Member] Interest Due Restatement Determination Date Restatement Determination Date Estimated Fair Value Estimate of Fair Value Measurement [Member] Notes Payable, Fair Value Disclosure Notes Payable, Fair Value Disclosure Capital stock: Stockholders' Equity, Number of Shares, Par Value and Other Disclosure [Abstract] Adoption Date Trading Arrangement Adoption Date Pay vs Performance Disclosure Pay vs Performance Disclosure [Table] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Table] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Table] Licensing gain Licensing Gain [Member] Licensing gain [Member] Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset Erroneously Awarded Compensation Recovery Erroneously Awarded Compensation Recovery [Table] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Noncurrent Liabilities, Other Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Noncurrent Liabilities, Other Segment [Axis] Segments [Axis] Change in Fair Value as of Vesting Date of Prior Year Equity Awards Vested in Covered Year Change in Fair Value as of Vesting Date of Prior Year Equity Awards Vested in Covered Year [Member] Business Acquisition, Pro Forma Revenue Business Acquisition, Pro Forma Revenue Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent Derivative Instrument [Axis] Derivative Instrument [Axis] Schedule of Other Current Assets Schedule of Other Current Assets [Table Text Block] Property and Equipment, Net Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract] Total debt (principal amount) Long-Term Debt, Gross Exercise Price Award Exercise Price Debt Instrument, Unamortized Premium, Current Debt Instrument, Unamortized Premium, Current Earnings Per Share Earnings Per Share [Text Block] Arrangement Duration Trading Arrangement Duration Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block] Stockholders equity: Equity, Attributable to Parent [Abstract] Peer Group Issuers, Footnote Peer Group Issuers, Footnote [Text Block] Segment [Domain] Segments [Domain] Land, building and leasehold improvements Leasehold Improvements, Gross Material Terms of Trading Arrangement Material Terms of Trading Arrangement [Text Block] Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Four Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Four All Individuals All Individuals [Member] Depreciation and amortization Other Depreciation and Amortization Proceeds from Lines of Credit Proceeds from Lines of Credit PEO PEO [Member] Variable Rate [Axis] Variable Rate [Axis] Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Name Trading Arrangement, Individual Name Other income (expense), net Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Acquisition-related intangibles, net Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill) Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain, before Tax Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain, before Tax Proceeds from sales of common stock through employee equity plans Proceeds, Issuance of Shares, Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Including Option Exercised Treasury Stock, Common, Value Treasury Stock, Common, Value Equity income in investee Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments Contingencies Commitments Contingencies and Guarantees [Text Block] Income (loss) before income taxes and equity income Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest Business Combination, Asset Acquisition, and Joint Venture Formation [Abstract] Awards Close in Time to MNPI Disclosures, Table Awards Close in Time to MNPI Disclosures [Table Text Block] Prior Year End Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Any Prior Year that Fail to Meet Applicable Vesting Conditions During Covered Year Prior Year End Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Any Prior Year that Fail to Meet Applicable Vesting Conditions During Covered Year [Member] Related Party [Domain] Related and Nonrelated Parties [Domain] Cash and Cash Equivalents, Fair Value Disclosure Cash and Cash Equivalents, Fair Value Disclosure Consideration Transferred Net of Cash Acquired Consideration Transferred Net of Cash Acquired [Member] Consideration Transferred Net of Cash Acquired Aggregate Erroneous Compensation Amount Aggregate Erroneous Compensation Amount Finite-Lived and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Acquired as Part of Business Combination Finite-Lived and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Acquired as Part of Business Combination [Table Text Block] Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Intangible Assets, Gross (Excluding Goodwill) Intangible Assets, Gross (Excluding Goodwill) Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member] Total debt (net) Debt, Long-Term and Short-Term, Combined Amount Aggregate Erroneous Compensation Not Yet Determined Aggregate Erroneous Compensation Not Yet Determined [Text Block] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Liabilities Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Liabilities Deferred tax liabiilty Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net Principal balance of notes assumed Principal balance of notes assumed [Member] Principal balance of notes assumed Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares Dilutive Securities, Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share, Dilutive Convertible Securities Dilutive Securities, Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share, Dilutive Convertible Securities Letter of Credit Letter of Credit NOT USED [Member] Letter of Credit NOT USED Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Domain] Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Domain] Changes in operating assets and liabilities Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract] PEO Total Compensation Amount PEO Total Compensation Amount Goodwill, Transfers Goodwill, Transfers Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Finite-Lived Intangibles Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Finite-Lived Intangibles Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Number of Shares Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Number of Shares Accrued Liabilities Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block] Income Statement Location [Axis] Statement of Income Location, Balance [Axis] Share Repurchase Program [Domain] Share Repurchase Program [Domain] Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, after Year Five Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, after Year Five Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Common stock, par value Common Stock [Member] Measure: Measure [Axis] Derivative Instruments in Hedges, Liabilities, at Fair Value Derivative Instruments in Hedges, Liabilities, at Fair Value Common stock issued under employee equity plans Shares Issued, Value, Share-Based Payment Arrangement, after Forfeiture Schedule of Financial Statements [Table] Condensed Financial Statements [Table] Asset Class [Domain] Asset Class [Domain] Forgone Recovery due to Expense of Enforcement, Amount Forgone Recovery due to Expense of Enforcement, Amount Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table] Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table] 2.375% Senior Notes due 2030 2.375% Senior Notes due 2030 [Member] 2.375% Senior Notes due 2030 Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Marketable Securities Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Marketable Securities Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis] Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Axis] Business Combination, Provisional Information, Initial Accounting Incomplete, Adjustment, Inventory Business Combination, Provisional Information, Initial Accounting Incomplete, Adjustment, Inventory Segment Reporting [Abstract] Segment Reporting [Abstract] Share-based Payment Arrangement, Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Five Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Five Inventories Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block] Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract] Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract] Issuance of common stock to settle convertible debt (in shares) Debt Conversion, Converted Instrument, Shares Issued Non-GAAP Measure Description Non-GAAP Measure Description [Text Block] Non-PEO NEO Average Compensation Actually Paid Amount Non-PEO NEO Average Compensation Actually Paid Amount Sovereign Debt Securities Sovereign Debt Securities [Member] Award Timing, How MNPI Considered Award Timing, How MNPI Considered [Text Block] Finite Lived Intangible Assets, Expected Amortization, After Year Four Finite Lived Intangible Assets, Expected Amortization, After Year Four Finite Lived Intangible Assets, Expected Amortization, After Year Four Acquisition-related Stock-based Compensation Cost Acquisition-related Stock-based Compensation Cost [Member] Acquisition-related Stock-based Compensation Cost Equity Component [Domain] Equity Component [Domain] Financial Instrument [Axis] Financial Instrument [Axis] Long-Term Debt, Current Maturities Long-Term Debt, Current Maturities Segment Reporting Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block] Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents [Abstract] Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Remainder of Fiscal Year Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year One Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Adjustments, Noncash Items, to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Additional 402(v) Disclosure Additional 402(v) Disclosure [Text Block] Stock-based compensation APIC, Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition Entity Shell Company Entity Shell Company Measurement Basis [Axis] Measurement Basis [Axis] Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Title Trading Arrangement, Individual Title Deferred Income Taxes and Other Tax Liabilities, Noncurrent Deferred Income Taxes and Other Tax Liabilities, Noncurrent May 2021 Stock Repurchase Program May 2021 Stock Repurchase Program [Member] May 2021 Stock Repurchase Program Summary of Investment Holdings [Line Items] Summary of Investment Holdings [Line Items] Unsecured Debt Unsecured Debt [Member] Taxes Payable Taxes Payable Measurement Frequency [Domain] Measurement Frequency [Domain] Operating Lease Right-of-Use Asset Acquired Operating Lease Right-of-Use Asset Acquired [Member] Operating Lease Right-of-Use Asset Acquired Consolidation Items [Domain] Consolidation Items [Domain] City Area Code City Area Code Current liabilities: Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Investments Investments [Member] Data Center Data Center [Member] Data Center Prepaid Supplies Prepaid Supplies Insider Trading Policies and Procedures Not Adopted Insider Trading Policies and Procedures Not Adopted [Text Block] Purchases of short-term investments Payments to Acquire Short-Term Investments Level 1 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] Total current assets Assets, Current Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Senior Notes Senior Notes [Member] Principal amount of notes converted Debt Conversion, Converted Instrument, Amount Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Table] Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Table] Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Three Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Three Business Combination, Pro Forma Information, Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date, Actual Business Combination, Pro Forma Information, Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date, Actual Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table] Schedule of Long-Term Debt Instruments [Table] Long-term debt, net of current portion Long-Term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Intangible Assets, Other than Goodwill Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Intangible Assets, Other than Goodwill Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Amount Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Amount Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Including Lease Not yet Commenced, Total Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Other Intangible Assets Other Intangible Assets [Member] Proceeds from Issuance of Unsecured Debt Proceeds from Issuance of Unsecured Debt Bank Time Deposits [Member] Bank Time Deposits [Member] Income Taxes Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block] Earnings (loss) per share Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Numerator Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent [Abstract] Equity [Abstract] Equity [Abstract] Raw materials Inventory, Raw Materials, Net of Reserves 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 2.125% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] Retained earnings Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Class of Stock [Domain] Class of Stock [Domain] Inventories Increase (Decrease) in Inventories Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value Financial Instruments Not Recorded At Fair Value On A Recurring Basis [Table Text Block] This schedule represents the amounts as included on the statement of financial position for the financial instruments (as defined), including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively, as defined) for which related fair value disclosure is being provided. The amounts as included in the statement of financial position may also be referred to as the carrying amount or reported amount. Net carrying amount is not an indication of an asset's fair value, but in certain circumstances the carrying value and fair value may be identical, such as in the case of trade receivables and payables where carrying amount may approximate fair value. Likewise, this schedule applies to items which contain a sub-component that may be measured at fair value for financial statement reporting purposes or which is in its entirety carried at fair value. Schedule of Debt Schedule of Debt [Table Text Block] Principal Balance Due Principal Balance Due [Member] Principal Balance Due Deferred income taxes Deferred Income Taxes and Tax Credits Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Two Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Two Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles-Opex Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles-Opex Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles-Opex Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Aggregate Available Trading Arrangement, Securities Aggregate Available Amount Equity Awards Adjustments Equity Awards Adjustments [Member] Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities, Total Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Underlying Securities Award Underlying Securities Amount Amortization of inventory fair value adjustment Amortization of inventory fair value adjustment Amortization of inventory fair value adjustment Credit Facility [Axis] Credit Facility [Axis] Licensing gain Gain On Licensing Agreement Gain On Licensing Agreement Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Change in Accounting Principle, Indirect Effect Change in Accounting Principle, Indirect Effect [Member] Carrying Amount Reported Value Measurement [Member] Commercial Paper Commercial Paper Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Receivables Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Receivables Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) [Member] Adjustment to Non-PEO NEO Compensation Footnote Adjustment to Non-PEO NEO Compensation Footnote [Text Block] Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Axis] Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Axis] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Table] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Table] Gross profit Gross Profit Fair Value as of Grant Date Award Grant Date Fair Value Subsequent Events [Abstract] Level 2 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Debt and Revolving Facility Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Remaining Amortization Period Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain] Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain] Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation Disclosure [Line Items] Principal amount Debt Principal Debt Instrument, Face Amount Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent, Diluted, Total Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent, Diluted Unbilled contracts receivable Unbilled Contracts Receivable Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount [Table Text Block] Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles- COGS Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles- COGS Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles- COGS Restatement Determination Date: Restatement Determination Date [Axis] Title of 12(b) Security Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01; shares authorized: 2,250; shares issued: 1,666 and 1,663; shares outstanding: 1,618 and 1,616 Common Stock, Value, Issued Fiscal Period Fiscal Period, Policy [Policy Text Block] Issuance of common stock warrants Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting standard Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting standard Land Land Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Financial Instruments [Table] Schedule of Investments [Table] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Acquisitions Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Acquisitions Other Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities Other Noncurrent Assets Other Noncurrent Assets [Member] Year-over-Year Change in Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Prior Years That are Outstanding and Unvested Year-over-Year Change in Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Prior Years That are Outstanding and Unvested [Member] Joint Venture Corporate Joint Venture [Member] Accrued Liabilities Accrued Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Short-term Investments Investment [Table Text Block] Other Current Liabilities Other Current Liabilities [Member] Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt Net cash used in financing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract] Year-end Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Covered Year that are Outstanding and Unvested Year-end Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Covered Year that are Outstanding and Unvested [Member] Business Acquisition, Contingent Consideration [Line Items] Business Acquisition, Contingent Consideration [Line Items] Fair Value Measurement [Domain] Fair Value Measurement [Domain] Basic (in usd per share) Earnings Per Share, Basic Equity Method Investment, Nonconsolidated Investee [Axis] Equity Method Investment, Nonconsolidated Investee [Axis] Accounts payable Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] Cash Acquired from Acquisition Cash Acquired from Acquisition Award Timing MNPI Disclosure Award Timing MNPI Disclosure [Text Block] Adjustment To PEO Compensation, Footnote Adjustment To PEO Compensation, Footnote [Text Block] Other Prepaid Expense, Current Other Prepaid Expense, Current Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities Ownership [Domain] Ownership [Domain] Trademarks Trademarks [Member] Purchases of property and equipment, accrued but not paid Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid Aggregate Pension Adjustments Service Cost Aggregate Pension Adjustments Service Cost [Member] Schedule of Goodwill [Table] Goodwill [Table] Compensation Actually Paid vs. Other Measure Compensation Actually Paid vs. Other Measure [Text Block] Schedule of Stock by Class [Table] Stock, Class of Stock [Table] Total current liabilities Liabilities, Current Vesting Date Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted and Vested in Covered Year Vesting Date Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted and Vested in Covered Year [Member] Equipment Machinery and Equipment, Gross Shares used in per share calculation Denominator Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted [Abstract] Share Repurchase Program [Axis] Share Repurchase Program [Axis] Total Assets Assets Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year One Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year One Cost of sales Cost of Goods and Services Sold Equity Method Investment, Nonconsolidated Investee [Domain] Equity Method Investment, Nonconsolidated Investee [Domain] Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block] Purchases of property and equipment Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment Other long-term liabilities Other Liabilities, Noncurrent Cost of Goods and Service, Excluding Depreciation, Depletion, and Amortization Cost of Goods and Service, Excluding Depreciation, Depletion, and Amortization Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Description Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Description Forgone Recovery due to Violation of Home Country Law, Amount Forgone Recovery due to Violation of Home Country Law, Amount Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Line Items] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Line Items] Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Axis] Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Axis] Commitments and contingencies (See Note 12) Commitments and Contingencies Related Parities - Equity Joint Ventures Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures Disclosure [Text Block] Foreign Government Debt Foreign Government Debt [Member] Termination Date Trading Arrangement Termination Date Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items] Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items] Repayments of Short-term Debt Repayments of Short-Term Debt Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year One Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year One Employee equity plans and warrants (in shares) Incremental Common Shares and Warrant Attributable To ShareBasedPaymentArrangements Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method. Other Liabilities Other Liabilities Contracts not designated as hedging instruments: Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Fair Value, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, after Year One Through Five Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Fair Value, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, after Year One Through Five Schedule of Recognized Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed Schedule of Recognized Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed [Table Text Block] Debt Instrument [Axis] Debt Instrument [Axis] Proceeds from maturity of short-term investments Proceeds from Maturities, Prepayments and Calls of Short-Term Investments Change in Accounting Principle, Type [Domain] Change in Accounting Principle, Type [Domain] Share-based compensation expense Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Expense Net income (loss) Net income (loss) Net income (loss) Net income (loss) for basic earnings per share Net Income (Loss) Trading Arrangement: Trading Arrangement [Axis] Investments, Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract] Investments, Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract] Issuance of common stock to settle convertible debt Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities Pay vs Performance Disclosure, Table Pay vs Performance [Table Text Block] Termination fee to be paid, failure to obtain regulatory approval Liabilities Subject to Compromise, Early Contract Termination Fees, Required Regulatory Approval Liabilities Subject to Compromise, Early Contract Termination Fees, Required Regulatory Approval Business Acquisition [Axis] Business Acquisition [Axis] Subsequent Event, Description Subsequent Event, Description Equity Awards Adjustments, Excluding Value Reported in Compensation Table Equity Awards Adjustments, Excluding Value Reported in the Compensation Table [Member] Dividends or Other Earnings Paid on Equity Awards not Otherwise Reflected in Total Compensation for Covered Year Dividends or Other Earnings Paid on Equity Awards not Otherwise Reflected in Total Compensation for Covered Year [Member] Entity File Number Entity File Number 3.924% Senior Note due 2032 3.924% Senior Note due 2032 [Member] 3.924% Senior Note due 2032 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification and Tax Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification and Tax Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Year Focus Xilinx, Inc. Xilinx, Inc. [Member] Xilinx, Inc. Income Statement [Abstract] Income Statement [Abstract] Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Debt Security Category [Axis] Debt Security Category [Axis] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Asset Acquired and Liability Assumed, Lease Obligation Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Asset Acquired and Liability Assumed, Lease Obligation Date of acquisition agreement Business Acquisition, Date of Acquisition Agreement Receivables from and payables to related parties, net Increase (Decrease) in Due to Related Parties Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Assets, Fair Value Disclosure Assets, Fair Value Disclosure Other accrued liabilities Other Accrued Liabilities, Current Accrued and other liabilities Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities and Other Operating Liabilities Name Forgone Recovery, Individual Name Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Five Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Five Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Finished goods Inventory, Finished Goods, Net of Reserves Other Other Noncash Income (Expense) Award Timing MNPI Considered Award Timing MNPI Considered [Flag] Base Rate Base Rate [Member] Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid Foreign Government Short-term Debt Securities Foreign Government Short-Term Debt Securities [Member] Asset Class [Axis] Asset Class [Axis] Insider Trading Arrangements [Line Items] Receivables from related parties Increase (Decrease) in Due from Related Parties Supplemental Balance Sheet Information Supplemental Balance Sheet Disclosures [Text Block] Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Domain] Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Domain] All Other Segment Reporting, Reconciling Item, Excluding Corporate Nonsegment [Member] Inventories Inventory Disclosure [Abstract] Outstanding Aggregate Erroneous Compensation Amount Outstanding Aggregate Erroneous Compensation Amount Schedule of Common Shares Outstanding Schedule of Stock by Class [Table Text Block] PEO Actually Paid Compensation Amount PEO Actually Paid Compensation Amount Purchases from related party Related Party Transaction, Purchases from Related Party Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Accounts Payable Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Accounts Payable Dilutive Securities, Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Dilutive Securities, Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Other Liabilities Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Other Liabilities Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Other Liabilities Adjustment to Compensation: Adjustment to Compensation [Axis] Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current Foreign Exchange Contract Foreign Exchange Contract [Member] Document Transition Report Document Transition Report Other than Temporary Impairment, Credit Losses Recognized in Earnings, Categories of Investments [Domain] Other than Temporary Impairment, Credit Losses Recognized in Earnings, Categories of Investments [Domain] Document Quarterly Report Document Quarterly Report Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Amortized Cost, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, after Year One Through Five Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Amortized Cost, Maturity, Allocated and Single Maturity Date, after Year One Through Five Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table] Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table] Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Current Reporting Status Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit): Retained Earnings [Member] Fair Value Hedge Liabilities Fair Value Hedge Liabilities Pension Adjustments Service Cost Pension Adjustments Service Cost [Member] Customer program liabilities Customer Program Accruals Customer Program Accruals Related Party [Axis] Related and Nonrelated Parties [Axis] Basic (in shares) Basic weighted-average shares (in shares) Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic Stock Price or TSR Estimation Method Stock Price or TSR Estimation Method [Text Block] Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs and Discounts Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Property, Plant, and Equipment Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Property, Plant, and Equipment Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Roll Forward] Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Executive Category: Executive Category [Axis] Name Awards Close in Time to MNPI Disclosures, Individual Name Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Other Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Other Client Client [Member] Client Entity Filer Category Entity Filer Category Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Amount 2.125% Notes (in shares) Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Conversion of Debt Securities Income Statement Location [Domain] Statement of Income Location, Balance [Domain] Letter of Credit Letter of Credit [Member] Company Selected Measure Name Company Selected Measure Name EX-101.Basis of Presentation. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of AMD have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The results of operations for the three months ended March 30, 2024 shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year ending December 28, 2024 or any other future period. In the opinion of the Company s management, the information contained herein reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s results of operations, financial position, cash flows and stockholders equity. All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. Certain immaterial prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. The Company uses a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 each consisted of 13 weeks.Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results are likely to differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. Areas where management uses judgment include, but are not limited to, revenue allowances, inventory valuation, valuation of goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes.Significant Accounting Policies. There have been no material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies in Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting PoliciesBasis of Presentation. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of AMD have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The results of operations for the three months ended March 30, 2024 shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year ending December 28, 2024 or any other future period. In the opinion of the Company s management, the information contained herein reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s results of operations, financial position, cash flows and stockholders equity. All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. Certain immaterial prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. The Company uses a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 each consisted of 13 weeks.Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results are likely to differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. Areas where management uses judgment include, but are not limited to, revenue allowances, inventory valuation, valuation of goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes.Significant Accounting Policies. There have been no material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies in Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. The Company uses a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 each consisted of 13 weeks.Use of Estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results are likely to differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. Areas where management uses judgment include, but are not limited to, revenue allowances, inventory valuation, valuation of goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes. 1600000000 1100000000 InventoriesMarch 30,2024December 30,2023 (In millions)Raw materials$292 $279 Work in process3,376 3,260 Finished goods984 812 Total inventories$4,652 $4,351 292000000 279000000 3376000000 3260000000 984000000 812000000 4652000000 4351000000 Property and Equipment, netMarch 30,2024December 30,2023 (In millions)Land, building and leasehold improvements$829 $821 Equipment2,456 2,346 Construction in progress223 209 Property and equipment, gross3,508 3,376 Accumulated depreciation(1,884)(1,787)Total property and equipment, net$1,624 $1,589 829000000 821000000 2456000000 2346000000 223000000 209000000 3508000000 3376000000 1884000000 1787000000 1624000000 1589000000 Accrued Liabilities March 30,2024December 30,2023 (In millions)Accrued marketing programs$761 $827 Accrued compensation and benefits826 884 Customer program liabilities936 544 Other accrued liabilities921 827 Total accrued liabilities$3,444 $3,082 761000000 827000000 826000000 884000000 936000000 544000000 921000000 827000000 3444000000 3082000000 113000000 67000000 P12M 0.16 0.29 Segment ReportingManagement, including the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses operating performance using segment net revenue and operating income (loss). These performance measures include the allocation of expenses to the reportable segments based on management s judgment. The Company s four reportable segments are: the Data Center segment, which primarily includes server microprocessors (CPUs), graphics processing units (GPUs), accelerated processing units (APUs), data processing units (DPUs), Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs), Artificial Intelligence (AI) accelerators and Adaptive System-on-Chip (SoC) products for data centers; the Client segment, which primarily includes CPUs, APUs, and chipsets for desktop, notebook and handheld personal computers; the Gaming segment, which primarily includes discrete GPUs, and semi-custom SoC products and development services; and the Embedded segment, which primarily includes embedded CPUs, GPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules (SOMs), and Adaptive SoC products.From time to time, the Company may also sell or license portions of its IP portfolio.In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment. This category primarily includes certain expenses and credits that are not allocated to any of the reportable segments because the CODM does not consider these expenses and credits in evaluating the performance of the reportable segments. This category primarily includes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, employee stock-based compensation expense, inventory loss at contract manufacturer, acquisition-related and other costs, and licensing gain. Acquisition-related and other costs primarily include transaction costs, purchase price adjustments for inventory, certain compensation charges, contract termination and workforce rebalancing charges.The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment: Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions)Net revenue:Data Center$2,337 $1,295 Client1,368 739 Gaming922 1,757 Embedded846 1,562 Total net revenue$5,473 $5,353 Operating income (loss): Data Center$541 $148 Client86 (172)Gaming151314Embedded342 798 All Other(1)(1,084)(1,233)Total operating income (loss)$36 $(145)(1)For the three months ended March 30, 2024, all other operating losses primarily included $622 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, $371 million of stock-based compensation expense, $65 million of inventory loss at contract manufacturer and $39 million of acquisition-related and other costs.For the three months ended April 1, 2023, all other operating losses primarily included $823 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, $309 million of stock-based compensation expense and $111 million of acquisition-related and other costs. The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment: Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions)Net revenue:Data Center$2,337 $1,295 Client1,368 739 Gaming922 1,757 Embedded846 1,562 Total net revenue$5,473 $5,353 Operating income (loss): Data Center$541 $148 Client86 (172)Gaming151314Embedded342 798 All Other(1)(1,084)(1,233)Total operating income (loss)$36 $(145)(1)For the three months ended March 30, 2024, all other operating losses primarily included $622 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, $371 million of stock-based compensation expense, $65 million of inventory loss at contract manufacturer and $39 million of acquisition-related and other costs.For the three months ended April 1, 2023, all other operating losses primarily included $823 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, $309 million of stock-based compensation expense and $111 million of acquisition-related and other costs. 2337000000 1295000000 1368000000 739000000 922000000 1757000000 846000000 1562000000 5473000000 5353000000 541000000 148000000 86000000 -172000000 151000000 314000000 342000000 798000000 -1084000000 -1233000000 36000000 -145000000 65000000 39000000 Acquisition-related Intangible Assets Acquisition-related intangibles were as follows:March 30, 2024December 30, 2023Gross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountGross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying Amount(In millions)(In millions)Developed technology$13,390 $(1,815)$11,575 $13,390 $(1,583)$11,807 Customer relationships12,324 (4,127)8,197 12,324 (3,755)8,569 Customer backlog809 (809) 809 (809) Corporate trade name65 (65) 65 (65) Product trademarks914 (165)749 914 (147)767 Identified intangible assets subject to amortization27,502 (6,981)20,521 27,502 (6,359)21,143 In-process research and development (IPR&amp;D) not subject to amortization220 220 220 220 Total acquisition-related intangible assets$27,722 $(6,981)$20,741 $27,722 $(6,359)$21,363 Developed technology and customer relationships were acquired primarily from the Xilinx acquisition on February 14, 2022. Acquisition-related intangible amortization expense was $622 million and $823 million for the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively.Based on the carrying value of acquisition-related intangibles recorded as of March 30, 2024, and assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, the estimated annual amortization expense for acquisition-related intangibles is expected to be as follows:Fiscal Year(In millions)Remainder of 2024$1,749 20252,145 20262,034 20271,922 20281,846 2029 and thereafter10,825 Total$20,521 March 30, 2024December 30, 2023Gross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountGross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying Amount(In millions)(In millions)Developed technology$13,390 $(1,815)$11,575 $13,390 $(1,583)$11,807 Customer relationships12,324 (4,127)8,197 12,324 (3,755)8,569 Customer backlog809 (809) 809 (809) Corporate trade name65 (65) 65 (65) Product trademarks914 (165)749 914 (147)767 Identified intangible assets subject to amortization27,502 (6,981)20,521 27,502 (6,359)21,143 In-process research and development (IPR&amp;D) not subject to amortization220 220 220 220 Total acquisition-related intangible assets$27,722 $(6,981)$20,741 $27,722 $(6,359)$21,363 13390000000 1815000000 11575000000 13390000000 1583000000 11807000000 12324000000 4127000000 8197000000 12324000000 3755000000 8569000000 809000000 809000000 0 809000000 809000000 0 65000000 65000000 0 65000000 65000000 0 914000000 165000000 749000000 914000000 147000000 767000000 27502000000 6981000000 20521000000 27502000000 6359000000 21143000000 220000000 220000000 220000000 220000000 27722000000 6981000000 20741000000 27722000000 6359000000 21363000000 622000000 823000000 Based on the carrying value of acquisition-related intangibles recorded as of March 30, 2024, and assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, the estimated annual amortization expense for acquisition-related intangibles is expected to be as follows:Fiscal Year(In millions)Remainder of 2024$1,749 20252,145 20262,034 20271,922 20281,846 2029 and thereafter10,825 Total$20,521 1749000000 2145000000 2034000000 1922000000 1846000000 10825000000 10825000000 20521000000 Related Parties Equity Joint VenturesATMP Joint VenturesThe Company holds a 15% equity interest in two joint ventures (collectively, the ATMP JV) with affiliates of Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd, a Chinese joint stock company. The Company has no obligation to fund the ATMP JV. The Company accounts for its equity interests in the ATMP JV under the equity method of accounting due to its significant influence over the ATMP JV.The ATMP JV provides assembly, testing, marking and packaging (ATMP) services to the Company. The Company assists the ATMP JV in its management of certain raw material inventory. The purchases from and resales to the ATMP JV of inventory under the Company s inventory management program are reported within purchases and resales with the ATMP JV and do not impact the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations.The Company s purchases from the ATMP JV during the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 amounted to $450 million and $367 million, respectively. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the amounts payable to the ATMP JV were $438 million and $363 million, respectively, and are included in Payables to related parties on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company s resales to the ATMP JV during the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023 amounted to $40 million and $1 million, respectively. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had receivables from the ATMP JV of $31 million and $9 million, respectively, included in Receivables from related parties on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.During the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of $7 million and $1 million, respectively, in Equity income in investee on its condensed consolidated statements of operations, respectively. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Company s investment in the ATMP JV was $106 million and $99 million, respectively.THATIC Joint Ventures The Company holds equity interests in two joint ventures (collectively, the THATIC JV) with Higon Information Technology Co., Ltd. (THATIC), a third-party Chinese entity. As of both March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the carrying value of the investment was zero. The Company licensed certain of its intellectual IP (Licensed IP) to the THATIC JV and receives royalty based on sales of the THATIC JV s products, which is recorded within operating income. During the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, the Company recognized $13 million and $10 million of licensing gain from royalty income associated with Licensed IP, respectively. As of both March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had no receivables from the THATIC JV. In June 2019, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the United States Department of Commerce added certain Chinese entities to the Entity List, including THATIC and the THATIC JV. The Company is complying with U.S. law pertaining to the Entity List designation. 0.15 2 450000000 367000000 438000000 363000000 40000000 1000000 31000000 9000000 7000000 1000000 106000000 99000000 2 0 0 -13000000 -10000000 Debt and Revolving Credit Facility DebtThe Company s total debt as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023 consisted of the following:March 30,2024December 30,2023(In millions)2.95% Senior Notes Due 2024 (2.95% Notes)$750 $750 2.375% Senior Notes Due 2030 (2.375% Notes)750 750 3.924% Senior Notes Due 2032 (3.924% Notes)500 500 4.393% Senior Notes Due 2052 (4.393% Notes)500 500 Total debt (principal amount)2,500 2,500 Unamortized debt premium, discount and issuance costs, net(32)(32)Total debt (net)2,468 2,468 Less: current portion of long-term debt and related unamortized debt premium and issuance costs(750)(751)Total long-term debt$1,718 $1,717 2.95% Senior Notes Due 2024 and 2.375% Senior Notes Due 2030The 2.95% Notes and 2.375% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company with semi-annual fixed interest payments due on June 1 and December 1.3.924% Senior Notes Due 2032 and 4.393% Senior Notes Due 2052The 3.924% Notes and 4.393% Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company, semi-annual fixed interest payments due on June 1 and December 1. The 3.924% and 4.393% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture dated June 9, 2022 between the Company and US Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee. The Company may redeem some or all of the 3.924% Notes and 4.393% Notes prior to March 1, 2032 and December 1, 2051, respectively, at a price equal to the greater of the present value of the principal amount and future interest through the maturity of the 3.924% Notes or 4.393% Notes or 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 3.924% Notes or 4.393% Notes in the event that the Company undergoes a change of control as defined in the indenture, at a repurchase price of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Additionally, an event of default may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the 3.924% Notes and 4.393% Notes.Future Debt Payment ObligationsAs of March 30, 2024, the Company s future principal debt payment obligations were as follows: Fiscal Year(In millions)Remainder of 2024$750 2025-2028 2029 and thereafter1,750 Total$2,500 Revolving Credit FacilityThe Company has $3.0 billion available under a revolving credit agreement that expires on April 29, 2027 (Revolving Credit Agreement). As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Agreement can be either Secure Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Loans or Base Rate Loans (each as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) at the Company's option. Each SOFR Loan will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable SOFR plus a margin between 0.625% and 1.250%. Each Base Rate Loan will bear interest equal to the Base Rate plus a margin between 0.000% and 0.250%. The Revolving Credit Agreement also contains a sustainability-linked pricing component which provides for interest rate and facility fee reductions or increases based on the Company meeting or missing targets related to environmental sustainability, specifically greenhouse gas emissions. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. As of March 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.Commercial PaperOn November 3, 2022, the Company established a commercial paper program, under which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum principal amount outstanding at any time of $3.0 billion with a maturity of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The commercial paper will be sold at a discount from par or, alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based on market conditions at the time of issuance. During the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, the Company did not issue any commercial paper under the program and as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had no commercial paper outstanding. The Company s total debt as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023 consisted of the following:March 30,2024December 30,2023(In millions)2.95% Senior Notes Due 2024 (2.95% Notes)$750 $750 2.375% Senior Notes Due 2030 (2.375% Notes)750 750 3.924% Senior Notes Due 2032 (3.924% Notes)500 500 4.393% Senior Notes Due 2052 (4.393% Notes)500 500 Total debt (principal amount)2,500 2,500 Unamortized debt premium, discount and issuance costs, net(32)(32)Total debt (net)2,468 2,468 Less: current portion of long-term debt and related unamortized debt premium and issuance costs(750)(751)Total long-term debt$1,718 $1,717 750000000 750000000 750000000 750000000 0.03924 0.03924 500000000 500000000 0.04393 0.04393 500000000 500000000 2500000000 2500000000 -32000000 -32000000 2468000000 2468000000 750000000 751000000 1718000000 1717000000 0.03924 0.04393 0.03924 0.04393 0.03924 0.04393 0.03924 0.04393 0.03924 0.04393 0.03924 0.04393 Future Debt Payment ObligationsAs of March 30, 2024, the Company s future principal debt payment obligations were as follows: Fiscal Year(In millions)Remainder of 2024$750 2025-2028 2029 and thereafter1,750 Total$2,500 750000000 0 1750000000 2500000000 3000000000 0.00625 0.01250 0.00000 0.00250 3000000000 Financial InstrumentsFair Value MeasurementsThe Company s financial instruments are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, except for non-marketable equity investments in privately-held companies. These equity investments are generally accounted for under the measurement alternative, defined as cost, less impairments, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes and are periodically assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that a decline in value may have occurred. Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring BasisMarch 30, 2024December 30, 2023(In millions)Level 1Level 2TotalLevel 1Level 2TotalCash equivalentsMoney market funds$1,051 $ $1,051 $969 $ $969 Corporate debt securities 1,472 1,472 753 753 U.S. government and agency securities573 573 1,252 1,252 Non-U.S. government and agency securities 70 70 135 135 Time deposits and certificates of deposits 166 166 205 205 Short-term investmentsCorporate debt securities 526 526 506 506 Time deposits and certificates of deposits 10 10 9 9 Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities 33 33 34 34 U.S. government and agency securities1,158 41 1,199 1,209 28 1,237 Non-U.S. government and agency securities 77 77 54 54 Other non-current assetsDeferred compensation plan investments147 147 133 133 Total assets measured at fair value$2,929 $2,395 $5,324 $3,563 $1,724 $5,287 Deferred compensation plan investments are primarily mutual fund investments held in a Rabbi trust established to maintain the Company s executive deferred compensation plan.The following is a summary of cash equivalents and short-term investments: March 30, 2024December 30, 2023Cost/ Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair ValueCost/ Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair Value(in millions)(in millions)Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities$35 $ $(2)$33 $35 $ $(2)$33 Corporate debt securities1,998 1,998 1,259 1,259 Money market funds1,051 1,051 969 969 Time deposits and certificates of deposits176 176 214 214 U.S. government and agency securities1,772 1,772 2,487 3 2,490 Non-U.S. government and agency securities147 147 189 189 $5,179 $ $(2)$5,177 $5,153 $3 $(2)$5,154 As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company did not have material available-for-sale debt securities which had been in a continuous unrealized loss position of more than twelve months.The contractual maturities of cash equivalents and investments classified as available-for-sale are as follows: March 30, 2024December 30, 2023Amortized CostFair ValueAmortized CostFair Value(In millions)(In millions)Due within 1 year$3,638 $3,637 $3,792 $3,792 Due in 1 year through 5 years459 459 361 364 Due in 5 years and later31 30 32 30 $4,128 $4,126 $4,185 $4,186 Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair ValueThe Company carries its financial instruments at fair value except for its debt. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s debt are as follows: March 30, 2024December 30, 2023 Carrying AmountEstimatedFair ValueCarryingAmountEstimatedFair Value (In millions)(In millions)Current portion of long-term debt, net$750 $747 $751 $741 Long-term debt, net of current portion$1,718 $1,570 $1,717 $1,630 The estimated fair value of the Company s long-term debt is based on Level 2 inputs of quoted prices for the Company s debt and comparable instruments in inactive markets. The fair value of the Company s accounts receivable, accounts payable and other short-term obligations approximate their carrying value based on existing terms. Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring BasisThe Company s investments in non-marketable securities in privately-held companies are recorded using a measurement alternative that adjusts the securities to fair value when the Company recognizes an observable price adjustment or an impairment. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had non-marketable securities in privately-held companies of $156 million and $155 million, respectively, that are recorded under Other non-current assets in the balance sheet. Impairment losses or observable price adjustments were not material during the three months ended March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023. Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial InstrumentsForeign Currency Forward Contracts Designated as Accounting HedgesThe Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to future forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These contracts generally mature within 24 months and are designated as accounting hedges. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of the Company s outstanding foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges was $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively. The fair value of these contracts, recorded as a liability, was $14 million as of March 30, 2024 and as an asset of $6 million as of December 30, 2023.Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Not Designated as Accounting HedgesThe Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on certain receivables or payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These forward contracts generally mature within 3 months and are not designated as accounting hedges. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of these outstanding contracts was $803 million and $568 million, respectively. The fair value of these contracts was not material as of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023. Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring BasisMarch 30, 2024December 30, 2023(In millions)Level 1Level 2TotalLevel 1Level 2TotalCash equivalentsMoney market funds$1,051 $ $1,051 $969 $ $969 Corporate debt securities 1,472 1,472 753 753 U.S. government and agency securities573 573 1,252 1,252 Non-U.S. government and agency securities 70 70 135 135 Time deposits and certificates of deposits 166 166 205 205 Short-term investmentsCorporate debt securities 526 526 506 506 Time deposits and certificates of deposits 10 10 9 9 Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities 33 33 34 34 U.S. government and agency securities1,158 41 1,199 1,209 28 1,237 Non-U.S. government and agency securities 77 77 54 54 Other non-current assetsDeferred compensation plan investments147 147 133 133 Total assets measured at fair value$2,929 $2,395 $5,324 $3,563 $1,724 $5,287 1051000000 0 1051000000 969000000 0 969000000 0 1472000000 1472000000 0 753000000 753000000 573000000 0 573000000 1252000000 0 1252000000 0 70000000 70000000 0 135000000 135000000 0 0 166000000 166000000 166000000 0 0 205000000 205000000 205000000 205000000 0 526000000 526000000 0 506000000 506000000 10000000 10000000 9000000 9000000 0 33000000 33000000 0 34000000 34000000 1158000000 41000000 1199000000 1209000000 28000000 1237000000 0 77000000 77000000 0 54000000 54000000 147000000 0 147000000 133000000 0 133000000 2929000000 2395000000 5324000000 3563000000 1724000000 5287000000 The following is a summary of cash equivalents and short-term investments: March 30, 2024December 30, 2023Cost/ Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair ValueCost/ Amortized CostGross Unrealized GainsGross Unrealized LossesEstimated Fair Value(in millions)(in millions)Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities$35 $ $(2)$33 $35 $ $(2)$33 Corporate debt securities1,998 1,998 1,259 1,259 Money market funds1,051 1,051 969 969 Time deposits and certificates of deposits176 176 214 214 U.S. government and agency securities1,772 1,772 2,487 3 2,490 Non-U.S. government and agency securities147 147 189 189 $5,179 $ $(2)$5,177 $5,153 $3 $(2)$5,154 35000000 0 2000000 33000000 35000000 35000000 0 0 2000000 2000000 33000000 33000000 1998000000 0 0 1998000000 1259000000 1259000000 0 0 0 0 1259000000 1259000000 1051000000 0 0 1051000000 969000000 969000000 0 0 0 0 969000000 969000000 176000000 0 0 176000000 214000000 214000000 0 0 0 0 214000000 214000000 1772000000 0 0 1772000000 2487000000 2487000000 3000000 3000000 0 0 2490000000 2490000000 147000000 0 0 147000000 189000000 189000000 0 0 0 0 189000000 189000000 5179000000 0 2000000 5177000000 5153000000 3000000 2000000 5154000000 The contractual maturities of cash equivalents and investments classified as available-for-sale are as follows: March 30, 2024December 30, 2023Amortized CostFair ValueAmortized CostFair Value(In millions)(In millions)Due within 1 year$3,638 $3,637 $3,792 $3,792 Due in 1 year through 5 years459 459 361 364 Due in 5 years and later31 30 32 30 $4,128 $4,126 $4,185 $4,186 3638000000 3637000000 3792000000 3792000000 459000000 459000000 361000000 364000000 31000000 30000000 32000000 30000000 4128000000 4126000000 4185000000 4186000000 The Company carries its financial instruments at fair value except for its debt. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s debt are as follows: March 30, 2024December 30, 2023 Carrying AmountEstimatedFair ValueCarryingAmountEstimatedFair Value (In millions)(In millions)Current portion of long-term debt, net$750 $747 $751 $741 Long-term debt, net of current portion$1,718 $1,570 $1,717 $1,630 750000000 747000000 751000000 741000000 1718000000 1570000000 1717000000 1630000000 156000000 155000000 P24M 2200000000 2400000000 14000000 6000000 P3M 803000000 568000000 Earnings Per Share The following table sets forth the components of basic and diluted earnings per share:Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions, except per share amounts)NumeratorNet income (loss) for basic earnings per share$123 $(139)DenominatorBasic weighted average shares1,617 1,611 Potentially dilutive shares from employee equity plans 22 Diluted weighted average shares1,639 1,611 Earnings (loss) per share:Basic$0.08 $(0.09)Diluted$0.07 $(0.09)Securities which would have been anti-dilutive are not material and are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for all periods presented. The following table sets forth the components of basic and diluted earnings per share:Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions, except per share amounts)NumeratorNet income (loss) for basic earnings per share$123 $(139)DenominatorBasic weighted average shares1,617 1,611 Potentially dilutive shares from employee equity plans 22 Diluted weighted average shares1,639 1,611 Earnings (loss) per share:Basic$0.08 $(0.09)Diluted$0.07 $(0.09) 123000000 -139000000 1617000000 1611000000 22000000 0 1639000000 1611000000 0.08 -0.09 0.07 -0.09 Common Stock and Employee Equity PlansCommon StockShares of common stock outstanding were as follows:Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions)Balance, beginning of period1,616 1,612 Common stock issued under employee equity plans3 1 Common stock repurchases for tax withholding on equity awards(1)(1)Repurchases of common stock (3)Balance, end of period1,618 1,609 Stock Repurchase ProgramThe Company has an approved stock repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $12 billion of the Company s common stock (Repurchase Program). During the three months ended March 30, 2024, the Company returned $4 million to shareholders through the repurchase of its common stock under the Repurchase Program. As of March 30, 2024, $5.6 billion remains available for future stock repurchases under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Stock-based CompensationStock-based compensation expense recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was as follows: Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions)Cost of sales$6 $8 Research and development279 214 Marketing, general and administrative86 87 Total $371 $309 Common StockShares of common stock outstanding were as follows:Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions)Balance, beginning of period1,616 1,612 Common stock issued under employee equity plans3 1 Common stock repurchases for tax withholding on equity awards(1)(1)Repurchases of common stock (3)Balance, end of period1,618 1,609 1616000000 1612000000 3000000 1000000 1000000 1000000 0 3000000 1618000000 1609000000 12000000000 4000000 5600000000 Stock-based CompensationStock-based compensation expense recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was as follows: Three Months EndedMarch 30,2024April 1,2023(In millions)Cost of sales$6 $8 Research and development279 214 Marketing, general and administrative86 87 Total $371 $309 6000000 8000000 279000000 214000000 86000000 87000000 371000000 309000000 Income TaxesThe Company determines its income taxes for interim reporting periods by applying the Company s estimated annual effective tax rate to the year-to-date results, adjusted for tax items discrete to each period.For the three months ended March 30, 2024, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $52 million representing an effective tax rate of (73.2)%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to the income tax benefit from foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) and research and development (R&amp;D) tax credits. In addition, the tax benefit reflected discrete income tax benefits of $61 million, primarily related to stock-based compensation. For the three months ended April 1, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $13 million representing an effective tax rate of (10.3)%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to a higher mix of income taxed in lower tax rate jurisdictions, R&amp;D tax credits, and beneficial rate impact from FDII tax benefit. In addition, the tax provision reflected discrete tax expense related to interest and penalties accrued for uncertain tax position. As of March 30, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had long-term income tax liabilities of $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion recorded under Other long-term liabilities in the balance sheet, respectively. -52000000 -0.732 61000000 13000000 -0.103 1500000000 1600000000 Commitments and ContingenciesCommitments The Company s purchase commitments primarily include obligations to purchase wafers and substrates from third parties. These purchase obligations were made under noncancellable purchase orders or contractual obligations requiring minimum purchases for which cancellation would lead to significant penalties. Purchase commitments also include future payments related to certain software, technology and IP licenses. Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of March 30, 2024 were as follows:Fiscal Year(In millions)Remainder of 2024$3,278 2025348 2026182 202744 202846 2029 and thereafter94 Total unconditional purchase commitments$3,992 On an ongoing basis, the Company works with suppliers on timing of payments and deliveries of purchase commitments, taking into account business conditions. ContingenciesDuring the quarterly period ended March 30, 2024, there were no material legal proceedings. The Company is a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that arose in the normal course of business. With respect to these matters, based on management s current knowledge, the Company believes that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss, if any, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of March 30, 2024 were as follows:Fiscal Year(In millions)Remainder of 2024$3,278 2025348 2026182 202744 202846 2029 and thereafter94 Total unconditional purchase commitments$3,992 3278000000 348000000 182000000 44000000 46000000 94000000 3992000000 -172000000 On March 7, 2024, Jean Hu, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 40,000 shares of the Company s common stock until March 7, 2025. March 7, 2024 Jean Hu Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer true 40000 March 7, 2025