Table of ContentsUNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2023 ORCommission file number: 1-8606 Verizon Communications Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 395-1000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:Table of ContentsSecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act (continued):Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ NoIndicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ Yes ☐ NoIf an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes ☒ NoAt March 31, 2023, 4,203,991,483 shares of the registrant’s common stock were outstanding, after deducting 87,442,163 shares held in treasury. Table of ContentsTable of ContentsSee Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements4Table of ContentsSee Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements5Table of ContentsSee Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements6Table of ContentsSee Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements7Table of ContentsVerizon Communications Inc. (the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries (together with the Company, collectively, Verizon), is one of the world’s leading providers of communications, technology, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers’ demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States (U.S.) and based upon Securities and Exchange Commission rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and certain other information, you should refer to the financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. These financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations and financial condition for the interim periods shown, including normal recurring accruals and other items. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.During the first quarter of 2023, Verizon reorganized the customer groups within its Business segment. See Note 10 for additional information.Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation.Earnings Per Common ShareThere were a total of approximately 3.6 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of performance stock units and restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three months ended March 31, 2023. There were a total of approximately 1.5 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three months ended March 31, 2022. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted CashWe consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates quoted market value and includes amounts held in money market funds.Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash are included in the following line items in the condensed consolidated balance sheets:We earn revenue from contracts with customers, primarily through the provision of telecommunications and other services and through the sale of wireless equipment. Revenue by CategoryWe have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Software as a Service (SaaS), and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 10 for additional information on revenue by segment. Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captive revenues.We also earn revenues that are not accounted for under Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (Topic 606) from leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an 8Table of Contentsauthorized agent under a device payment plan agreement. As allowed by the practical expedient within ASU 2016-02, "Leases" (Topic 842), we have elected to combine the lease and non-lease components for those arrangements of customer premise equipment where we are the lessor as components accounted for under Topic 606. During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, revenues from arrangements that were not accounted for under Topic 606 were approximately $749 million and $830 million, respectively.Remaining Performance ObligationsWhen allocating the total contract transaction price to identified performance obligations, a portion of the total transaction price may relate to service performance obligations which were not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period. Below we disclose information relating to these unsatisfied performance obligations. We apply the practical expedient available under Topic 606 that provides the option to exclude the expected revenues arising from unsatisfied performance obligations related to contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less. This situation primarily arises with respect to certain month-to-month service contracts. At March 31, 2023, month-to-month service contracts represented approximately 94% of our wireless postpaid contracts and approximately 92% of our wireline Consumer and Business Markets and SaaS contracts, compared to March 31, 2022, for which month-to-month service contracts represented approximately 94% of our wireless postpaid contracts and 88% of our wireline Consumer and our Business Markets and SaaS contracts.Additionally, certain contracts provide customers the option to purchase additional services. The fees related to these additional services are recognized when the customer exercises the option (typically on a month-to-month basis). Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to thirty-six months (typically under a device payment plan), or contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to twenty-four months (typically under a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts.Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically extends longer than two years and, in some cases, include a periodic minimum revenue commitment over the contract term for which revenues will be recognized in future periods. Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of two years or shorter than twelve months. Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is twelve months or less. Additionally, there are certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services that have a contractual minimum fee over the total contract term. We cannot predict the time period when revenue will be recognized related to those contracts; thus, they are excluded from the time bands below. These contracts have varying terms spanning over approximately nine years ending in April 2032 and have aggregate contract minimum payments totaling $1.4 billion. At March 31, 2023, the transaction price related to unsatisfied performance obligations that are expected to be recognized for the remainder of 2023, 2024 and thereafter was $17.8 billion, $17.3 billion and $11.4 billion, respectively. Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations and changes in the timing and scope of contracts, arising from contract modifications.Accounts Receivable and Contract BalancesThe timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to our customers. Receivables presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets represent an unconditional right to consideration. Contract balances represent amounts from an arrangement when either Verizon has performed, by transferring goods or services to the customer in advance of receiving all or partial consideration for such goods and services from the customer, or the customer has made payment to Verizon in advance of obtaining control of the goods and/or services promised to the customer in the contract.Contract assets primarily relate to our rights to consideration for goods or services provided to customers but for which we do not have an unconditional right at the reporting date. Under a fixed-term plan, total contract revenue is allocated between wireless service and equipment revenues. In conjunction with these arrangements, a contract asset is created, which represents the difference between the amount of equipment revenue recognized upon sale and the amount of consideration received from the customer when the performance obligation related to the transfer of control of the equipment is satisfied. The contract asset is reclassified to accounts receivable as wireless services are provided and billed. We have the right to bill the customer as service is provided over time, which results in our right to the payment being unconditional. The contract asset balances are presented in 9Table of Contentsour condensed consolidated balance sheets as Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management’s expectation of the asset’s collectability.Contract liabilities arise when we bill our customers and receive consideration in advance of providing the goods or services promised in the contract. We typically bill service one month in advance, which is the primary component of the contract liability balance. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The contract liability balances are presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as Other current liabilities and Other liabilities.The following table presents information about receivables from contracts with customers: (1)Balances do not include receivables related to the following contracts: leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.(2)Included in device payment plan agreement receivables presented in Note 6. Receivables derived from the sale of equipment on a device payment plan through an authorized agent are excluded.The following table presents information about contract balances: (1) Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing at January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2022 were $4.3 billion for both the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. The balances of contract assets and contract liabilities recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: Contract CostsTopic 606 requires the recognition of an asset for incremental costs to obtain a customer contract, which are then amortized to expense over the respective periods of expected benefit. We recognize an asset for incremental commission expenses paid to internal and external sales personnel and agents in conjunction with obtaining customer contracts. We only defer these costs when we have determined the commissions are incremental costs that would not have been incurred absent the customer contract and are expected to be recoverable. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized and recorded ratably as commission expense over the period representing the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate. Costs to obtain wireless contracts are amortized over both of our Consumer and Business customers' estimated upgrade cycles, as such costs are typically incurred each time a customer upgrades. Costs to obtain wireline contracts are amortized as expense over the estimated customer relationship period for our Consumer customers. Incremental costs to obtain wireline contracts for our Business customers are insignificant. Costs to obtain contracts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. We also defer costs incurred to fulfill contracts that: (1) relate directly to the contract; (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligation under the contract; and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Contract fulfillment costs are expensed as we satisfy our performance obligations and recorded in Cost of services. These costs principally relate to direct costs that enhance our wireline business resources, such as costs incurred to install circuits. We determine the amortization periods for our costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a customer contract at a portfolio level due to the similarities within these customer contract portfolios.10Table of ContentsOther costs, such as general costs or costs related to past performance obligations, are expensed as incurred.Collectively, costs to obtain a contract and costs to fulfill a contract are referred to as deferred contract costs, and amortized over a one-to seven-year period. Deferred contract costs are classified as current or non-current within Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets, respectively. The balances of deferred contract costs included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:For the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we recognized expense of $795 million and $749 million, respectively, associated with the amortization of deferred contract costs, primarily within Selling, general and administrative expense in our condensed consolidated statements of income.We assess our deferred contract costs for impairment on a quarterly basis. We recognize an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount of a deferred cost exceeds the remaining amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the goods and services related to the cost, less the expected costs related directly to providing those goods and services that have not yet been recognized as expenses. There have been no impairment charges recognized for the three months ended March 31, 2023 or March 31, 2022.Spectrum License TransactionsIn February 2021, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) concluded Auction 107 for C-Band wireless spectrum. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, Verizon is required to make payments for our allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction, which are estimated to be $7.7 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we made payments of $114 million and $1.4 billion, respectively, for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives. We expect to continue to make payments related to clearing cost and incentive payment obligations through 2024, which we expect to be $4.7 billion. These payments are dependent on the incumbent license holders' accelerated clearing of the spectrum for Verizon’s use and, therefore, the final timing and amounts could differ based on the incumbent holders’ execution of their clearing process. In accordance with the FCC order, the clearing must be completed by December 2025. The carrying value of the wireless spectrum won in Auction 107 consists of all payments required to participate and purchase licenses in the auction, including Verizon’s allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction that we are obligated to pay in order to acquire the licenses, as well as capitalized interest to the extent qualifying activities have occurred. In March 2022, Verizon signed agreements with satellite operators in which operators agreed to clear C-Band spectrum in certain markets and frequencies ahead of the previously expected timeframe. This early clearance accelerated Verizon's access to more spectrum in a number of key markets to support its fifth-generation (5G) network initiatives.TracFone Wireless, Inc.On November 23, 2021 (the Acquisition Date), we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone), a leading provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Verizon acquired all of TracFone's outstanding stock in exchange for approximately $3.5 billion in cash, net of cash acquired and working capital and other adjustments, 57,596,544 shares of Verizon common stock valued at approximately $3.0 billion, and up to an additional $650 million in future cash contingent consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The fair value of the Verizon common stock was determined on the basis of its closing market price on the Acquisition Date. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date was approximately $560 million and represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. See Note 7 for additional information. The contingent consideration payable is based on the achievement of certain revenue and operational targets, measured over a two-year earn out period. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, Verizon made a payment of $102 million related to the contingent consideration, which is reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Contingent consideration payments are expected to continue through 2024.11Table of ContentsWireless LicensesThe carrying amounts of our Wireless licenses are as follows:At March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately $38.9 billion and $53.2 billion, respectively, of wireless licenses were under development for commercial service for which we were capitalizing interest costs. We recorded approximately $449 million and $452 million of capitalized interest on wireless licenses for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we renewed various wireless licenses in accordance with FCC regulations. The average renewal period for these licenses was 15 years.GoodwillChanges in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:Other Intangible AssetsThe following table displays the composition of Other intangible assets, net as well as the respective amortization periods:The amortization expense for Other intangible assets was as follows: The estimated future amortization expense for Other intangible assets for the remainder of the current year and next 5 years is as follows:Significant Debt TransactionsDebt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility.The following table shows the significant transactions involving the senior unsecured debt securities of Verizon and its subsidiaries that occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2023.12Table of ContentsRepayments and Repurchases(1) Represents amount paid to repay or repurchase, including any accrued interest. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, amount paid is shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis.(2) U.S. dollar amount paid represents the amount payable at maturity per the derivatives entered into in connection with the transaction. See Note 7 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the repayment. Short-Term Borrowing and Commercial Paper Program In March 2023, we entered into and fully drew from a $500 million short-term revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2023, the $500 million borrowed under the facility remains outstanding.During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we issued $4.9 billion in commercial paper and we repaid $4.6 billion of commercial paper. As of March 31, 2023, we had $500 million of commercial paper outstanding. These transactions are reflected within Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.Asset-Backed DebtAs of March 31, 2023, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $20.8 billion. Our asset-backed debt includes Asset-Backed Notes (ABS Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (ABS Financing Facilities) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed debt bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity, or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and certain other Company affiliates (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables and certain other receivables (collectively referred to as certain receivables) to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests and residual interests, as applicable, in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses.Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred receivables and future collections on such receivables. These receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of certain receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, the Company has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued is included in Debt maturing within one year and Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. ABS NotesDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023, we completed the following ABS Notes transactions: 13Table of ContentsUnder the terms of each series of ABS Notes outstanding as of March 31, 2023, there is a revolving period of 18 months, two years or up to three years, as applicable, during which we may transfer additional receivables to the ABS Entity. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we made aggregate principal repayments of $931 million on ABS Notes that have entered the amortization period, including principal payments made in connection with any clean-up redemptions. In April 2023, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of two series of senior and junior ABS Notes, with a blended interest rate of approximately 4.751% and 4.911%, through an ABS Entity. In April 2023, in connection with an optional acquisition of receivables and redemption of ABS Notes, we made a principal payment, in whole, for $104 million.ABS Financing Facilities In March 2023, we borrowed an additional $325 million under the loan agreements outstanding in connection with the ABS Financing Facility that we originally entered into in 2021 and previously renewed in 2022 (2021 ABS Financing Facility). The aggregate outstanding balance under the 2021 ABS Financing Facility was $8.3 billion as of March 31, 2023. In April 2023, we prepaid an aggregate of $700 million of the loan agreements outstanding in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility.In March 2023, we borrowed an additional $500 million under the loan agreement outstanding in connection with the ABS Financing Facility that we originally entered into in 2022 (2022 ABS Financing Facility). The aggregate outstanding balance under the 2022 ABS Financing Facility was $2.5 billion as of March 31, 2023. Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)The ABS Entities meet the definition of a VIE for which we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary as we have both the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the entity. Therefore, the assets, liabilities and activities of the ABS Entities are consolidated in our financial results and are included in amounts presented on the face of our condensed consolidated balance sheets.The assets and liabilities related to our asset-backed debt arrangements included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: See Note 6 for additional information on certain receivables used to secure asset-backed debt.Long-Term Credit Facilities (1) The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit. As of March 31, 2023, there have been no drawings against the $9.5 billion revolving credit facility since its inception.(2) During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we drew down $515 million and $2.0 billion, respectively, from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed. 14Table of ContentsNon-Cash TransactionsDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we financed, primarily through alternative financing arrangements, the purchase of approximately $284 million and $150 million, respectively, of long-lived assets consisting primarily of network equipment. As of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, $1.9 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively, relating to these financing arrangements, including those entered into in prior years and liabilities assumed through acquisitions, remained outstanding. These purchases are non-cash financing activities and therefore are not reflected within Capital expenditures in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.Net Debt Extinguishment Gains (Losses)During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we recorded debt extinguishment gains of $70 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we recorded debt extinguishment losses of $1.2 billion. The gains and losses are recorded in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The total gains and losses are reflected within Other, net cash flow from operating activities, and the portion of the gains and losses representing cash payments are reflected within Other, net cash flow from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.GuaranteesWe guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. As of March 31, 2023, $614 million aggregate principal amount of these obligations remained outstanding. Each guarantee will remain in place for the life of the obligation unless terminated pursuant to its terms, including the operating telephone company no longer being a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.Debt Covenants We and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our restrictive covenants in our debt agreements.The following table presents information about accounts receivable, net of allowances, recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheet:(1) Other receivables primarily include wireline receivables and other receivables, the allowances for which are individually insignificant.Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, are net device payment plan agreement receivables and net wireless service receivables of $25.1 billion and $23.6 billion, respectively, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 5 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model.Under the Verizon device payment program, our eligible wireless customers purchase wireless devices under a device payment plan agreement. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program pay lower service fees as compared to those under our fixed-term service plans, and their device payment plan charge is included on their wireless monthly bill. We no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for devices; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program.15Table of ContentsWireless Device Payment Plan Agreement ReceivablesThe following table displays device payment plan agreement receivables, net, recognized in our condensed consolidated balance sheets:(1) Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables. For indirect channel wireless contracts with customers, we impute risk adjusted interest on the device payment plan agreement receivables. We record the imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts receivable. The associated interest income, which is included within Service revenues and other in our condensed consolidated statements of income, is recognized over the financed device payment term.PromotionsIn connection with certain device payment plan agreements, we may offer a promotion to allow our customers to upgrade to a new device after paying down a certain specified portion of the required device payment plan agreement amount as well as trading in their device in good working order. When a customer enters into a device payment plan agreement with the right to upgrade to a new device, we account for this trade-in right as a guarantee obligation. We recognize a liability measured at fair value for the customer’s right to trade in the device which is determined by considering several factors, including the weighted-average selling prices obtained in recent resales of similar devices eligible for trade-in. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the amount of the guarantee liability was insignificant and $54 million, respectively.We may offer certain promotions that allow a customer to trade in their owned device in connection with the purchase of a new device. Under these types of promotions, the customer receives a credit for the value of the trade-in device. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the amount of trade-in liability was $527 million and $562 million, respectively.In addition, we may provide the customer with additional future billing credits that will be applied against the customer’s monthly bill as long as service is maintained. These future billing credits are accounted for as consideration payable to a customer and are included in the determination of total transaction price, resulting in a contract liability.Device payment plan agreement receivables, net, does not reflect the trade-in liability, additional future credits or the guarantee liability.Origination of Device Payment Plan AgreementsWhen originating device payment plan agreements, we use internal and external data sources to create a credit risk score to measure the credit quality of a customer and to determine eligibility for the device payment program. Verizon’s experience has been that the payment attributes of longer tenured customers are highly predictive for estimating their reliability to make future payments. Customers with longer tenures tend to exhibit similar risk characteristics to other customers with longer tenures, and receivables due from customers with longer tenures tend to perform better than receivables from customers that have not previously been Verizon customers. As a result of this experience, we make initial lending decisions based upon whether the customers are "established customers" or "short-tenured customers." If a Consumer customer has been a customer for 45 days or more, or if a Business customer has been a customer for 12 months or more, the customer is considered an "established customer." For established customers, the credit decision and ongoing credit monitoring processes rely on a combination of internal and external data sources. If a Consumer customer has been a customer less than 45 days, or a Business customer has been a customer for less than 12 months, the customer is considered a "short-tenured customer." For short-tenured customers, the credit decision and credit monitoring processes rely more heavily on external data sources. Available external credit data from credit reporting agencies along with internal data are used to create custom credit risk scores for Consumer customers. The custom credit risk score is generated automatically from the applicant’s credit data using proprietary custom credit models. The credit risk score measures the likelihood that the potential customer will become severely delinquent and be disconnected for non-payment. For a small portion of short-tenured customer applications, a traditional credit report is not available from one of the national credit reporting agencies because the potential customer does not have sufficient 16Table of Contentscredit history. In those instances, alternative credit data is used for the risk assessment. For Business customers, we also verify the existence of the business with external data sources.Based on the custom credit risk score, we assign each customer a credit class, each of which has specified offers of credit. This includes an account level spending limit and a maximum amount of credit allowed per device for Consumer customers or a required down payment percentage for Business customers.Credit Quality InformationSubsequent to origination, we assess indicators for the quality of our wireless device payment plan agreement portfolio using two models, one for new customers and one for existing customers. The model for new customers pools all Consumer and Business wireless customers based on less than 210 days as "new customers." The model for existing customers pools all Consumer and Business wireless customers based on 210 days or more as "existing customers." The following table presents device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost, and gross write-offs recorded, as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, by credit quality indicator and year of origination:(1) Includes accounts that have been suspended at a point in time.The data presented in the table above was last updated on March 31, 2023. We assess indicators for the quality of our wireless service receivables portfolio as one overall pool. The following table presents wireless service receivables, at amortized cost, and gross write-offs recorded, as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, by year of origination: The data presented in the table above was last updated on March 31, 2023.Allowance for Credit LossesThe credit quality indicators are used in determining the estimated amount and the timing of expected credit losses for the device payment plan agreement and wireless service receivables portfolios.For device payment plan agreement receivables, we record bad debt expense based on a default and loss calculation using our proprietary loss model. The expected loss rate is determined based on customer credit scores and other qualitative factors as noted above. The loss rate is assigned individually on a customer by customer basis and the custom credit scores are then aggregated by vintage and used in our proprietary loss model to calculate the weighted-average loss rate used for determining the allowance balance.We monitor the collectability of our wireless service receivables as one overall pool. Wireline service receivables are disaggregated and pooled by the following types of customers and related contracts: consumer, small and medium business, enterprise, public sector and wholesale. For wireless service receivables and wireline consumer and small and medium business receivables, the allowance is calculated based on a 12 month rolling average write-off balance multiplied by the average life-cycle of an account from billing to write-off. The risk of loss is assessed over the contractual life of the receivables and is adjusted based on the historical loss amounts for current and future conditions based on management’s qualitative considerations. For enterprise, public sector and wholesale wireline receivables, the allowance for credit losses is based on historical write-off experience and individual customer credit risk, if applicable.17Table of ContentsActivity in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment of receivables was as follows:(1) Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables.We monitor delinquency and write-off experience based on the quality of our device payment plan agreement and wireless service receivables portfolios. The extent of our collection efforts with respect to a particular customer are based on the results of our proprietary custom internal scoring models that analyze the customer’s past performance to predict the likelihood of the customer falling further delinquent. These custom scoring models assess a number of variables, including origination characteristics, customer account history and payment patterns. Since our customers’ behaviors may be impacted by general economic conditions, we analyzed whether changes in macroeconomic conditions impact our credit loss experience and have concluded that our credit loss estimates are generally not materially impacted by reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. Based on the score derived from these models, accounts are grouped by risk category to determine the collection strategy to be applied to such accounts. For device payment plan agreement receivables and wireless service receivables, we consider an account to be delinquent and in default status if there are unpaid charges remaining on the account on the day after the bill’s due date. The risk class determines the speed and severity of the collections effort including initiatives taken to facilitate customer payment.The balance and aging of the device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost, were as follows:18Table of ContentsRecurring Fair Value MeasurementsThe following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2023:(1)Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.(2)Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.(3)Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.19Table of ContentsThe following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022:(1)Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.(2)Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.(3)Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.Certain of our equity investments do not have readily determinable fair values and are excluded from the tables above. Such investments are measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer and are included in Investments in unconsolidated businesses in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of our investments without readily determinable fair values was $795 million and $804 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, there were insignificant adjustments due to observable price changes and there were insignificant impairment charges. As of March 31, 2023, cumulative adjustments due to observable price changes and impairment charges were approximately $164 million and $88 million, respectively.Verizon has a liability for contingent consideration related to its acquisition of TracFone, completed in November 2021. The fair value is calculated using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model and represents a Level 3 measurement. Level 3 instruments include valuation based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. Subsequent to the Acquisition Date, at each reporting date, the contingent consideration liability is remeasured to fair value. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we made a payment of $102 million related to the contingent consideration. See Note 3 for additional information.Fixed income securities consist primarily of investments in municipal bonds. The valuation of the fixed income securities is based on the quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or identical assets in inactive markets or models that apply inputs from observable market data. The valuation determines that these securities are classified as Level 2.Derivative contracts are valued using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of our derivative contracts and thus are classified within Level 2. We use mid-market pricing for fair value measurements of our derivative instruments. Our derivative instruments are recorded on a gross basis.We recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period.20Table of ContentsFair Value of Short-term and Long-term DebtThe fair value of our debt is determined using various methods, including quoted prices for identical debt instruments, which is a Level 1 measurement, as well as quoted prices for similar debt instruments with comparable terms and maturities, which is a Level 2 measurement. The fair value of our short-term and long-term debt, excluding finance leases, was as follows:Derivative InstrumentsWe enter into derivative transactions primarily to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, treasury rate locks, interest rate caps, swaptions and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes. The following table sets forth the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments:The following tables summarize the activities of our designated derivatives:N/A - not applicable(1) Represents amounts recorded under the cash flow hedge model. These instruments were re-designated as fair value hedges on March 31, 2022.21Table of ContentsThe following table displays the amounts recorded in Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges. The cumulative amounts exclude cumulative basis adjustments related to foreign exchange risk.Interest Rate SwapsWe enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. We record the interest rate swaps at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded to Interest expense, which are primarily offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debt due to changes in interest rates.Cross Currency SwapsWe have entered into cross currency swaps previously designated as cash flow hedges through March 31, 2022 to exchange our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. A portion of the loss recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) was reclassified to Interest expense to offset the related pre-tax foreign currency transaction gain or loss on the underlying hedged item. On March 31, 2022, we elected to de-designate our cross currency swaps as cash flow hedges and re-designated these swaps as fair value hedges. For these hedges, we have elected to exclude the change in fair value of the cross currency swaps related to both time value and cross currency basis spread from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (the excluded components). The initial value of the excluded components of $1.0 billion as of March 31, 2022 will continue to be amortized into Interest expense over the remaining life of the hedging instruments. We estimate that $109 million will be amortized into Interest expense within the next 12 months.In addition to the previously mentioned cross currency swaps, we have executed additional cross currency swaps to exchange Euro-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges. We record the cross currency swaps at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the cross currency swaps attributable to changes in the spot rate of the hedged item and changes in the recorded value of the hedged debt due to changes in spot rates are recorded in the same income statement line item. We present exchange gains and losses from the conversion of foreign currency denominated debt as a part of Interest expense. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, these amounts completely offset each other and no net gain or loss was recorded. Changes in the fair value of cross currency swaps attributable to time value and cross currency basis spread are initially recorded to Other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized gains or losses on excluded components are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized into Interest expense on a systematic and rational basis through the swap accrual over the life of the hedging instrument. The amount remaining in Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to cash flow hedges on the date of transition will be reclassified to earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings or when it becomes probable that the forecasted transactions will not occur. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the amortization of the initial value of the excluded component completely offset the amortization related to the amount remaining in Other comprehensive income (loss) related to cash flow hedges. See Note 9 for additional information.Forward Starting Interest Rate SwapsFrom time to time we enter into forward starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges in order to manage our exposure to interest rate changes on future forecasted transactions. We hedge our exposure to the variability in future cash flows based on the expected maturities of the related forecasted debt issuance. We recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in Other comprehensive income (loss). Treasury Rate LocksWe have entered into treasury rate locks designated as cash flow hedges to mitigate our interest rate risk on future transactions. We recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in Other comprehensive income (loss). 22Table of ContentsIn April 2023, we entered into treasury rate locks designated as cash flow hedges for a total notional amount of $500 million.Net Investment HedgesWe have designated certain foreign currency debt instruments as net investment hedges to mitigate foreign exchange exposure related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates. The notional amount of Euro-denominated debt designated as a net investment hedge was €750 million as of both March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.Undesignated DerivativesWe also have the following derivative contracts which we use as economic hedges but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting.The following table summarizes the activity of our derivatives not designated in hedging relationships: Foreign Exchange ForwardsWe enter into British Pound Sterling and Euro foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries.SwaptionsWe enter into swaptions to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. Concentrations of Credit RiskFinancial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments, short-term and long-term investments, trade receivables, including device payment plan agreement receivables, certain notes receivable, including lease receivables, and derivative contracts.Counterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions with whom we have negotiated derivatives agreements (ISDA master agreements) and credit support annex (CSA) agreements which provide rules for collateral exchange. The CSA agreements contain rating based thresholds such that we or our counterparties may be required to hold or post collateral based upon changes in outstanding positions as compared to established thresholds and changes in credit ratings. We do not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value. At March 31, 2023, we did not hold any collateral. At March 31, 2023, we posted $1.9 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, we did not hold any collateral. At December 31, 2022, we posted $2.3 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote and do not expect that any such nonperformance would result in a significant effect on our results of operations or financial condition due to our diversified pool of counterparties. We maintain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for certain employees. In addition, we maintain postretirement health care and life insurance plans for certain retirees and their dependents, which are both contributory and non-contributory, and include a limit on our share of the cost for certain current and future retirees. In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefits, operating expenses include service costs associated with pension and other postretirement benefits while other credits and/or charges based on actuarial assumptions, including projected discount rates, an estimated return on plan assets, and impact from health care trend rates are reported in Other income (expense), net. These estimates are updated in the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event, to reflect actual return on plan assets and updated 23Table of Contentsactuarial assumptions. The adjustment is recognized in the income statement during the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event pursuant to our accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses.Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income)The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost (income) related to our pension and postretirement health care and life insurance plans:The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost (income) is recorded in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income while the other components, including mark-to-market adjustments, if any, are recorded in Other income (expense), net.Severance PaymentsDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023, we paid severance benefits of $140 million. At March 31, 2023, we had a remaining severance liability of $521 million, a portion of which includes future contractual payments to separated employees. Employer ContributionsDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we made no contributions to our qualified pension plans and made insignificant contributions to our nonqualified pension plans. No mandatory qualified pension plans contributions are expected or required through December 31, 2023. In April 2023, we made a discretionary contribution of $200 million to one of our qualified pension plans. There have been no significant changes with respect to the nonqualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans contributions in 2023.24Table of ContentsEquityChanges in the components of Total equity were as follows: Common StockVerizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock through its previously authorized share buyback program during the three months ended March 31, 2023. At March 31, 2023, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 100 million.25Table of ContentsCommon stock has been used from time to time to satisfy some of the funding requirements of employee and shareowner plans, including 4.1 million shares of common stock issued from Treasury stock during the three months ended March 31, 2023.Accumulated Other Comprehensive LossThe changes in the balances of Accumulated other comprehensive loss by component were as follows:The amounts presented above in Net other comprehensive income (loss) are net of taxes. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges and unrealized loss on fair value hedges in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net and Interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See Note 7 for additional information. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The amounts reclassified to net income related to defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See Note 8 for additional information.Reportable SegmentsWe have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income, consistent with the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance.Our segments and their principal activities consist of the following:Our Consumer segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis.Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings. During the first quarter of 2023, Verizon reorganized the customer groups within its Business segment. Previously, this segment was comprised of four customer groups: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. Following the reorganization, there are now three customer groups: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and SaaS, and Wholesale. Enterprise and Public Sector combines the customers previously included in Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other (excluding BlueJeans and Connect customers) as well as the commercial wireline customers previously included in Small and Medium Business. Business Markets and SaaS combines the customers previously included in Small and Medium Business (excluding commercial wireline customers), the BlueJeans customers previously 26Table of Contentsincluded in Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other, and the Connect customers previously included in Public Sector and Other. The Wholesale customer group remained unchanged. Prior period operating revenue results within the Business segment have been recast for these reorganized customer groups. There was no change to the composition of our reportable segments and total segment results, nor the determination of segment profit. Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captives, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance. The following table provides operating financial information for our two reportable segments:(1) Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.(2) Service and other revenues and Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $6.6 billion and $882 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2023, and were approximately $6.7 billion and $962 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2022.The following table provides Fios revenue for our two reportable segments:27Table of ContentsThe following table provides Wireless service revenue for our reportable segments and includes intersegment activity:Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial InformationThe reconciliation of segment operating revenues and operating income to consolidated operating revenues and operating income below includes the effects of special items that the chief operating decision maker does not consider in assessing segment performance, primarily because of their nature.A reconciliation of the reportable segment operating revenues to consolidated operating revenues is as follows:A reconciliation of the total reportable segment's operating income to consolidated income before provision for income taxes is as follows:No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our total operating revenues during the three months ended March 31, 2023 or 2022.The chief operating decision maker does not review disaggregated assets on a segment basis; therefore, such information is not presented. Depreciation and amortization included in the measure of segment profitability is primarily allocated based on proportional usage, and is included within Total reportable segment operating income.We maintain a voluntary supplier finance program (SFP) with a financial institution which provides certain suppliers the option, at their sole discretion, to participate in the program and sell their receivables due from Verizon to the financial institution on a non-recourse basis. The eligible suppliers negotiate the terms directly with the financial institution and we have no involvement in establishing those terms nor are we a party to these agreements. Our payments associated with the invoices from the suppliers participating in the SFP are made to the financial institution according to the original invoice terms generally at 90 days from the invoice date and for the original invoice amount. No additional payments are exchanged between Verizon and the financial institution related to the SFP. Verizon does not pledge any assets nor provide any guarantees to the financial institution in connection with the SFP. The SFP can be terminated by Verizon or the financial institution with a 60-day notice period. Confirmed obligations outstanding related to suppliers participating in the SFP are recorded within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and the associated payments are reflected in the operating activities section of our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. As of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, 28Table of Contents$705 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, remained as confirmed obligations outstanding related to suppliers participating in the SFP. In the ordinary course of business, Verizon is involved in various commercial litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a given matter, Verizon establishes an accrual. In none of the currently pending matters is the amount of accrual material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including: (1) uncertain damage theories and demands; (2) a less than complete factual record; (3) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or regulators; and (4) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. We continuously monitor these proceedings as they develop and adjust any accrual or disclosure as needed. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of any pending regulatory or legal matter in future periods will have a material effect on our financial condition, but it could have a material effect on our results of operations for a given reporting period.Verizon is currently involved in approximately 25 federal district court actions alleging that Verizon is infringing various patents. Most of these cases are brought by non-practicing entities and effectively seek only monetary damages; a small number are brought by companies that have sold products and could seek injunctive relief as well. These cases have progressed to various stages and a small number may go to trial in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved.In connection with the execution of agreements for the sales of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as indemnity from certain financial losses. From time to time, counterparties may make claims under these provisions, and Verizon will seek to defend against those claims and resolve them in the ordinary course of business.As of March 31, 2023, Verizon had 25 renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties. Each of the REPAs is based on the expected operation of a renewable energy-generating facility and has a fixed price term of 12 to 20 years from the commencement of the facility's entry into commercial operation. The REPAs generally are expected to be financially settled based on the prevailing market price as energy is generated by the facilities.29Table of ContentsVerizon Communications Inc. (the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries (together with the Company, collectively, Verizon), is one of the world’s leading providers of communications, technology, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers’ demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control. To compete effectively in today’s dynamic marketplace, we are focused on the capabilities of our high-performing networks to drive growth based on delivering what customers want and need in the digital world. In 2023, we are focused on maintaining the reliability and resilience of our network, retaining and growing our high-quality customer base while balancing profitability in challenging market conditions, and driving monetization of our networks, platforms and solutions. We are creating business value by earning the trust of our stakeholders, limiting our environmental impact and supporting our customer base growth while creating social benefit through our products and services. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that our C-Band spectrum, together with our industry leading millimeter wave spectrum holding, fourth-generation (4G) Long-Term Evolution (LTE) network and fiber infrastructure, will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth.We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both 4G and fifth-generation (5G) wireless networks. We expect that our next-generation multi-use platform, which we call the Intelligent Edge Network, will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost efficient manner. Our network quality is the hallmark of our brand and the foundation for the connectivity, platforms and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage.Highlights of Our Financial Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions)30Table of ContentsBusiness OverviewWe have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business). Revenue by Segment for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 ———Note: Excludes eliminations.Verizon Consumer GroupOur Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States (U.S.) under the Verizon brand, TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone) brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. Our Consumer segment's wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis.Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. The Consumer segment also offers several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches.In addition to the wireless services and equipment discussed above, the Consumer segment sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. The Consumer segment's operating revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2023 totaled $24.9 billion, representing a decrease of 1.7% compared to the similar period in 2022. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Consumer segment’s operating performance and selected operating statistics.Verizon Business GroupOur Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various Internet of Things (IoT) services and products, including solutions that support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. The Business segment's operating revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2023 totaled $7.5 billion, representing a decrease of 2.8% compared to the similar period in 2022. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Business segment’s operating performance and selected operating statistics.31Table of ContentsCorporate and OtherCorporate and other primarily includes insurance captives, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance. See "Consolidated Results of Operations" for additional information regarding Corporate and other results. Capital Expenditures and InvestmentsWe continue to invest in our wireless networks, high-speed fiber and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, these investments included $6.0 billion for capital expenditures. See "Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities" for additional information. We have substantially completed the accelerated $10 billion capital program related to our C-Band spectrum deployment. The ongoing C-Band deployment will be funded through our capital expenditure program. Capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be in the range of $18.25 billion to $19.25 billion. We believe that our investments aimed at expanding our portfolio of products and services will provide our customers with an efficient, reliable infrastructure for participating in the information economy.Global Network and TechnologyWe are focusing our capital investment on adding capacity and density to our 4G LTE network, while also building our next generation 5G network. We are densifying our networks by utilizing macro and small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna systems. Network densification enables us to add capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for IoT products and services on our 4G LTE and 5G networks. Over the past several years, we have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. 5G technology enables higher throughput and lower latency than 4G LTE technology and allows our networks to handle more traffic as the number of internet-connected devices grows. In January 2022, we began rapidly deploying our C-Band spectrum, which, as of March 31, 2023, covers more than 200 million people in the U.S. We expect to continue deploying C-Band spectrum across the continental U.S. as more and more of the spectrum becomes available for our use. We use low and mid-band spectrum and dynamic spectrum sharing (DSS) technology to allow 5G service to run simultaneously with 4G LTE on multiple spectrum bands. With DSS, whenever customers move outside Verizon’s millimeter wave and C-Band coverage areas, their 5G-enabled devices will remain on 5G technology using the lower spectrum bands where this network is available. This allows us to more fully and effectively utilize our current spectrum resources to serve both 4G and 5G customers.To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional copper-based products, we continue to build fiber-based networks supporting data, video and advanced business services - areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. In addition, we leverage our 5G network for our FWA broadband service. We are transforming the architecture of our networks into our Intelligent Edge Network, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation and opportunities for edge computing services that will support our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. We expect that this new architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner.In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items, some of which are not included in our segment results. In "Segment Results of Operations" we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail.Consolidated Operating RevenuesConsolidated operating revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to revenue decreases in our Consumer and Business segments.Revenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations."32Table of ContentsConsolidated Operating ExpensesOperating expenses for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations."Cost of ServicesCost of services includes the following costs directly attributable to a service: salaries and wages, benefits, materials and supplies, content costs, contracted services, network access and transport costs, customer provisioning costs, computer systems support, costs to support our outsourcing contracts and technical facilities and traffic acquisition costs. Aggregate customer service costs, which include billing and service provisioning, are allocated between Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense.Cost of services decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to: •a decrease of $120 million in access costs primarily due to ongoing efforts to migrate off network subscribers to the Verizon network, which was accelerated by the shutdown of our competitors' third-generation (3G) networks;•a decrease of $87 million in digital content costs primarily due to offerings that occurred in 2022 that did not reoccur;•a decrease of $87 million in other direct costs related to professional services; and•an increase of $137 million in regulatory costs related to a higher Federal Universal Service Fund (FUSF) rate.Cost of Wireless EquipmentCost of wireless equipment decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to: •a decrease of $807 million driven by a lower volume of wireless devices sold primarily related to fewer phone upgrades; and•an increase of $110 million due to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold.Selling, General and Administrative ExpenseSelling, general and administrative expense includes salaries and wages and benefits not directly attributable to a service or product, the provision for credit losses, taxes other than income taxes, advertising and sales commission costs, call center and information technology costs, regulatory fees, professional service fees and rent and utilities for administrative space. Also included is a portion of the aggregate customer care costs as discussed above in "Cost of Services."Selling, general and administrative expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•an increase of $202 million in the provision for credit losses resulting from additional bad debt reserves as collections return to pre-pandemic levels;•an increase of $55 million in advertising costs related to marketing;•an increase of $45 million in personnel costs primarily driven by third-party employee costs due to contracted services as well as an increase in sales commission expenses; •an increase of $43 million in data and network systems related to information technology contracts; and•a decrease of $49 million primarily driven by regulatory surcharges.Depreciation and Amortization ExpenseDepreciation and amortization expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to the change in the mix of net depreciable and amortizable assets, including acquisition-related intangible assets, as well as the deployment of the C-Band network.33Table of ContentsOther Consolidated ResultsOther Income (Expense), Net Additional information relating to Other income (expense), net is as follows:nm - not meaningfulOther income (expense), net, reflects certain items not directly related to our core operations, including interest income, gains and losses from non-operating asset dispositions, debt extinguishment costs, components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost and income and certain foreign exchange gains and losses.Other income (expense), net changed during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to net debt extinguishment gains of $70 million related to open market repurchases of various Company notes in 2023, compared with losses of $1.2 billion primarily related to tender offers in 2022. Interest Expense(1)The average debt outstanding is a financial measure and is calculated by applying a simple average of prior months end balances of total short-term and long-term debt, net of discounts, premiums and unamortized debt issuance costs.(2)The effective interest rate is the rate of actual interest incurred on debt. It is calculated by dividing the total interest costs on debt balances by the average debt outstanding. (3)We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our debt financing cost and trends in our debt leverage management.Total interest expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to an increase in interest costs due to higher average interest rates, partially offset by lower average debt balances.Provision for Income TaxesThe effective income tax rate is calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before the provision for income taxes. The increase in the provision for income taxes during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, was primarily due to the increase in income before income taxes in the current period. The effective income tax rate during the three months ended March 31, 2023 is comparable to the similar period in 2022.Unrecognized Tax BenefitsUnrecognized tax benefits were $2.7 billion and $2.8 billion at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were $529 million (after-tax) and $544 million (after-tax) at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The decrease in unrecognized tax benefits was primarily due to lapses of statutes of limitations in the current period.34Table of ContentsVerizon and/or its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. As a large taxpayer, we are under audit by the Internal Revenue Service and multiple state and foreign jurisdictions for various open tax years. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits could change by a significant amount in the next twelve months. An estimate of the range of the possible change cannot be made until these tax matters are further developed or resolved.Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDAConsolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense (Consolidated EBITDA) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which are presented below, are non-generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as they exclude the depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to Verizon’s competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense to net income.Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding from Consolidated EBITDA the effect of the following non-operational items: equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated businesses and other income and expense, net, as well as the effect of certain special items. We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management’s evaluation of business performance. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors to compare a company’s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by differences in capital structure, taxes, and depreciation and amortization policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and special items enables comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. See "Special Items" for additional information.It is management’s intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon’s GAAP financial information, and it should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measures in addition to the GAAP measures allows management, investors and other users of our financial information to more fully and accurately assess both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to that of other companies.(1) Includes Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, which were $208 million and $238 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See "Special Items" for additional information.(2) Includes Early debt redemption costs, which were $1.2 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2022. See "Special Items" and "Other Income (Expense), Net" for additional information.The changes in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the table above during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses. We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our segments based on segment operating income. The use of segment operating income is consistent with the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance.To aid in the understanding of segment performance as it relates to segment operating income, management uses the following operating statistics to evaluate the overall effectiveness of our segments. We believe these operating statistics are useful to 35Table of Contentsinvestors and other users of our financial information because they provide additional insight into drivers of our segments’ operating results, key trends and performance relative to our peers. These operating statistics may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to those statistics of other companies.Wireless retail connections are retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from smartphones and basic phones (collectively, phones), postpaid and prepaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail connections are calculated by adding total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail connections, and subtracting total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections are retail postpaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail postpaid connections under an account may include those from phones, postpaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail postpaid connections are calculated by adding retail postpaid new connections in the period to prior period retail postpaid connections, and subtracting retail postpaid disconnects in the period. Wireless retail prepaid connections are retail prepaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail prepaid connections may include those from phones, prepaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, and wearables. Wireless retail prepaid connections are calculated by adding retail prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail prepaid connections, and subtracting retail prepaid disconnects in the period.Fios internet connections are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Fios internet connections are calculated by adding Fios internet new connections in the period to prior period Fios internet connections, and subtracting Fios internet disconnects in the period.Fios video connections are the total number of connections to traditional linear video programming using Fios video services as of the end of the period. Fios video connections are calculated by adding Fios video net additions in the period to prior period Fios video connections. Fios video net additions are calculated by subtracting the Fios video disconnects from the Fios video new connections.Total broadband connections are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services, Digital Subscriber Line (DSL), and postpaid, prepaid and IoT FWA as of the end of the period. Total broadband connections are calculated by adding total broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period total broadband connections. Wireless retail connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer device postpaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail postpaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail postpaid new connections in the period. Wireless retail prepaid connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer device prepaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail prepaid connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail prepaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail prepaid new connections in the period.Wireless retail postpaid phone connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer postpaid phone connections, less the number of phone disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid phone connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail postpaid phone disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail postpaid phone new connections in the period. Total broadband connections, net additions are the total number of additional total broadband connections, less the number of total broadband disconnects in the period. Total broadband connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the total broadband disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the total broadband new connections in the period. Wireless Churn is the rate at which service to retail, retail postpaid, or retail postpaid phone connections is terminated on average in the period. The churn rate in each period presented is calculated by dividing retail disconnects, retail postpaid disconnects, or retail postpaid phone disconnects by the average retail connections, average retail postpaid connections, or average retail postpaid phone connections, respectively, in the period. Wireless retail postpaid ARPA is the calculated average retail postpaid service revenue per account (ARPA) from retail postpaid accounts in the period. Wireless retail postpaid service revenue does not include recurring device payment plan billings related to the Verizon device payment program, plan billings related to device warranty and insurance or regulatory fees. Wireless retail 36Table of Contentspostpaid ARPA in each period presented is calculated by dividing retail postpaid service revenue by the average retail postpaid accounts in the period. Wireless retail postpaid accounts are wireless retail customers that are directly served and managed under the Verizon brand and use its services as of the end of the period. Accounts include unlimited plans, shared data plans and corporate accounts, as well as legacy single connection plans and multi-connection family plans. A single account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of connected devices. Wireless retail postpaid accounts are calculated by adding retail postpaid new accounts to the prior period retail postpaid accounts. Wireless retail postpaid connections per account is the calculated average number of retail postpaid connections per retail postpaid account as of the end of the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections per account is calculated by dividing the total number of retail postpaid connections by the number of retail postpaid accounts as of the end of the period.Segment operating income margin reflects the profitability of the segment as a percentage of revenue. Segment operating income margin is calculated by dividing total segment operating income by total segment operating revenues. Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Segment EBITDA), which is presented below, is a non-GAAP measure and does not purport to be an alternative to operating income (loss) as a measure of operating performance. We believe this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as it excludes the depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income (loss). Segment EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Segment EBITDA by total segment operating revenues. See Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.Verizon Consumer GroupOur Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the U.S. under the Verizon brand, TracFone brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios. 37Table of ContentsOperating Revenues and Selected Operating Statistics (1)As of end of periodWhere applicable, the operating results reflect certain adjustments, including those related to migration activity among different types of devices and plans, customer profile changes, and adjustments in connection with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.nm - not meaningfulConsumer’s total operating revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, as a result of decreases in Wireless equipment and Other revenues, partially offset by an increase in Service revenue.Service RevenueService revenue increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily driven by an increase in wireless service revenue.Wireless service revenue increased $382 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023 primarily due to: •an increase of $369 million in access revenues related to our postpaid plans primarily driven by the pricing actions implemented in the second half of 2022; a larger allocation of administrative and telco recovery charges, which partly recover network operating costs, to Wireless service revenue from Other revenue; an increase in our FWA subscriber base; and the inclusion of mobile security products in certain device protection packages such that a larger amount of the overall device protection revenue is recognized in Service revenue. These increases were partially offset by the amortization of wireless equipment sales promotions;•an increase of $72 million in non-retail service revenue;•an increase of $71 million in TravelPass revenue related to an increase in customer international travel; and •a decrease of $125 million in prepaid revenue primarily due to a decrease in subscriber base related to TracFone.For both the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, Fios service revenue totaled $2.7 billion and remained relatively flat.38Table of ContentsWireless Equipment RevenueWireless equipment revenue decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease of $751 million driven by a lower volume of wireless devices sold primarily related to fewer phone upgrades; and•an increase of $256 million related to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold.Other RevenueOther revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.Other revenue decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease of $287 million in revenue primarily related to a larger allocation of administrative and telco recovery charges, which partly recover network operating costs, to Wireless service revenue from Other revenue;•a decrease of $50 million in device protection revenue primarily related to an update to the device protection offering which increased the price of the bundled offering and changed the product mix such that a smaller amount of the overall device protection revenue is recognized in Other Revenue; and•an increase of $102 million primarily related to a higher FUSF rate along with resulting surcharges.Operating ExpensesCost of ServicesCost of services decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease of $131 million in access costs primarily due to ongoing efforts to migrate off network subscribers to the Verizon network, which was accelerated by the shutdown of our competitors' 3G networks;•a decrease of $70 million in digital content costs primarily due to offerings that occurred in 2022 that did not reoccur;•an increase of $98 million in regulatory costs related to a higher FUSF rate;•an increase of $54 million in personnel costs mainly driven by valuation assumption changes in connection with certain post-employment benefits, partially offset by a decrease in third-party employee costs from contracted services; and•an increase of $30 million in rent and lease expense primarily driven by new leases and lease modifications related to the deployment of C-Band.Cost of Wireless EquipmentCost of wireless equipment decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease of $690 million driven by a lower volume of wireless devices sold primarily related to fewer phone upgrades; and•an increase of $69 million related to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold.Selling, General and Administrative ExpenseSelling, general and administrative expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•an increase of $179 million in the provision for credit losses resulting from additional bad debt reserves as collections return to pre-pandemic levels;•an increase of $123 million in personnel costs primarily related to third-party employee costs due to contracted services as well as an increase in sales commission expenses; and •an increase of $75 million in advertising costs related to marketing.39Table of ContentsDepreciation and Amortization ExpenseDepreciation and amortization expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, driven by the change in the mix of total Verizon depreciable and amortizable assets and Consumer's usage of those assets.Segment Operating Income and EBITDA The changes in the table above during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses.Verizon Business Group Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT services and products. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world. During the first quarter of 2023, Verizon reorganized the customer groups within its Business segment. Previously, this segment was comprised of four customer groups: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. Following the reorganization, there are now three customer groups: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Software as a Service (SaaS), and Wholesale. Enterprise and Public Sector combines the customers previously included in Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other (excluding BlueJeans and Connect) as well as the commercial wireline customers previously included in Small and Medium Business. Business Markets and SaaS combines the customers previously included in Small and Medium Business (excluding commercial wireline customers), the BlueJeans customers previously included in Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other, and the Connect customers previously included in Public Sector and Other. The Wholesale customer group remained unchanged. Prior period operating revenue results within the Business segment have been recast for these reorganized customer groups. There was no change to the composition of our reportable segments and total segment results, nor the determination of segment profit. 40Table of ContentsOperating Revenues and Selected Operating Statistics (1)Service and other revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $882 million and $962 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.(2)As of end of periodWhere applicable, the operating results reflect certain adjustments, including those related to migration activity among different types of devices and plans, customer profile changes, and adjustments in connection with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.Business’s total operating revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, as a result of decreases in Enterprise and Public Sector and Wholesale revenues, partially offset by an increase in Business Markets and SaaS revenue. Enterprise and Public SectorEnterprise and Public Sector offers wireless products and services as well as wireline connectivity and managed solutions to our large business and government customers. Large businesses are identified based on their size and volume of business with Verizon. Public sector offers these services with features and pricing designed to address the needs of U.S. federal, state and local governments and educational institutions.Enterprise and Public Sector revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease of $217 million in networking revenue and traditional data and voice communication services along with related professional services, driven by secular pressures in the marketplace;•a decrease of $24 million in wireless equipment revenue driven by a lower volume of devices sold, partially offset by a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of devices sold;•an increase of $36 million in customer premise equipment primarily due to higher volumes; and•an increase of $26 million primarily related to a higher FUSF rate.Business Markets and SaaSBusiness Markets and SaaS offers wireless services and equipment, conferencing services, tailored voice and networking products, Fios services, Internet Protocol networking, advanced voice solutions and security and managed information technology services to our businesses that do not meet the requirements to be categorized as Enterprise and Public Sector, as described above. SaaS includes solutions that support fleet tracking management, compliance management, field service management, asset tracking and other types of mobile resource management.Business Markets and SaaS revenues increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•an increase in wireless service revenue of $143 million primarily driven by an increase in the number of wireless retail postpaid connections as well as the economic adjustment charge that took effect in the second quarter of 2022 and a 41Table of Contentslarger allocation of administrative and telco recovery charges, which partly recover network operating costs, to Wireless service revenue from Other revenue;•a decrease of $55 million in wireless equipment revenue driven by a lower volume of devices sold and a shift to lower priced equipment in the mix of devices sold, partially offset by a decrease in promotions; •a decrease of $23 million in other revenue primarily related to a larger allocation of administrative and telco recovery charges, which partly recover network operating costs, to Wireless service revenue from Other revenue; and•a decrease of $21 million related to the loss of voice and DSL service connections.For both the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, Fios revenues totaled $230 million and remained relatively flat.WholesaleWholesale offers wireline communications services including data, voice, local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance, and wireless carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers.Wholesale revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar periods in 2022, primarily due to a decrease of $52 million related to declines in traditional voice communication and network connectivity as a result of technology substitution, as well as a decrease in core data.Operating ExpensesCost of ServicesCost of services decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar periods in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease in other direct costs of $88 million related to professional services;•an increase of $38 million in regulatory costs related to a higher FUSF rate; and•an increase of $29 million in customer premise equipment due to higher volumes.Cost of Wireless EquipmentCost of wireless equipment decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to:•a decrease of $127 million driven by a lower volume of wireless devices sold primarily related to fewer phone upgrades; and•an increase of $51 million driven by a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold.Selling, General and Administrative ExpenseSelling, general and administrative expense remained relatively flat during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar periods in 2022.Depreciation and Amortization ExpenseDepreciation and amortization expense increased during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, driven by the change in the mix of total Verizon depreciable and amortizable assets and Business's usage of those assets.42Table of ContentsSegment Operating Income and EBITDA The changes in the table above during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses.Special items included in Income Before Provision For Income Taxes were as follows:(1) Amounts are included in segment results of operations.The Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP measure presented in the Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA discussion (see "Consolidated Results of Operations") excludes all of the amounts included above, as described below.The income and expenses related to special items included in our condensed consolidated results of operations were as follows:Amortization of Acquisition-Related Intangible AssetsDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded pre-tax amortization expense of $208 million and $238 million, respectively, related to acquired intangible assets.Early Debt Redemption CostsDuring the three months ended March 31, 2022, we recorded pre-tax early debt redemption costs of $1.2 billion primarily in connection with tender offers. See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.43Table of ContentsWe use the net cash generated from our operations to fund expansion and modernization of our networks, service and repay external financing, pay dividends, invest in new businesses and spectrum and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock. Our sources of funds, primarily from operations and, to the extent necessary, from external financing arrangements, are sufficient to meet ongoing operating and investing requirements over the next 12 months and beyond.Our cash and cash equivalents are held both domestically and internationally, and are invested to maintain principal and provide liquidity. See "Market Risk" for additional information regarding our foreign currency risk management strategies.We expect that our capital spending requirements will continue to be financed primarily through internally generated funds. Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities, or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility. Our external financing arrangements include credit facilities and other bank lines of credit, an active commercial paper program, vendor financing arrangements, issuances of registered debt or equity securities, U.S. retail medium-term notes and other securities that are privately-placed or offered overseas. In addition, we monetize certain receivables through asset-backed debt transactions.Cash Flows Provided By Operating ActivitiesOur primary source of funds continues to be cash generated from operations. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $1.5 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to an improvement in working capital. The improvement in working capital was driven by a change in receivables resulting primarily from fewer phone upgrades and a modest improvement in customer payment patterns, compared to the prior year. Further driving the working capital improvement were lower inventory levels compared to the prior year. This increase was further driven by an increase in earnings. In April 2023, we made a discretionary contribution of $200 million to one of our qualified pension plans. Additionally, we expect that there will be no required pension funding through 2026, subject to changes in market conditions.Cash Flows Used In Investing ActivitiesCapital ExpendituresCapital expenditures continue to relate primarily to the use of capital resources to enhance the operating efficiency and productivity of our networks, maintain our existing infrastructure, facilitate the introduction of new products and services and enhance responsiveness to competitive challenges. Capital expenditures, including capitalized software, for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were $6.0 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively. Capital expenditures increased approximately $137 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, primarily due to the acceleration of our 5G technology deployment. See "Global Network and Technology" for more details.Acquisitions of Wireless LicensesDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we made payments of $114 million and $1.4 billion, respectively, for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives associated with Auction 107.During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded capitalized interest related to wireless licenses of $449 million and $452 million, respectively.Collateral Repayments (Payments) Related to Derivative Contracts, NetDuring the three months ended March 31, 2023, we received return of collateral posted of $367 million related to derivative contracts, net of payments. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we made collateral payments of $277 million related to derivative contracts, net of repayments. See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities We seek to maintain a mix of fixed and variable rate debt to lower borrowing costs within reasonable risk parameters and to protect against earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from changes in market conditions. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was $2.4 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was $245 million.During the three months ended March 31, 2023, our net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by cash dividends paid of $2.7 billion, repayments and repurchases of long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations of $1.3 billion and repayments of asset-backed long-term borrowings of $931 million. These payments were partially offset by proceeds from asset-backed long-term borrowings of $1.8 billion, proceeds from long-term borrowings of $504 million and net proceeds from short-term commercial paper of $342 million. 44Table of ContentsAt March 31, 2023, our total debt of $152.9 billion included unsecured debt of $132.0 billion and secured debt of $20.8 billion. At December 31, 2022, our total debt of $150.6 billion included unsecured debt of $130.6 billion and secured debt of $20.0 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our effective interest rate was 4.6% and 3.4%, respectively. See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our debt activity, which excludes the impact from mark-to-market adjustments on foreign currency denominated debt.Verizon may acquire debt securities issued by Verizon and its affiliates through open market purchases, redemptions, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as Verizon may from time to time determine, for cash or other consideration.Asset-Backed DebtCash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued is included in Debt maturing within one year and Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.Long-Term Credit Facilities (1) The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit. As of March 31, 2023, there have been no drawings against the $9.5 billion revolving credit facility since its inception.(2) During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we drew down $515 million and $2.0 billion, respectively, from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed. Other, NetOther, net financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2023 includes $500 million in proceeds from a short-term revolving credit facility, $117 million in payments for settlement of cross currency swaps, and $102 million payment for TracFone contingent consideration.DividendsAs in prior periods, dividend payments were a significant use of capital resources. We paid $2.7 billion in cash dividends during both the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. CovenantsOur credit agreements contain covenants that are typical for large, investment grade companies. These covenants include requirements to pay interest and principal in a timely fashion, pay taxes, maintain insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies, preserve our corporate existence, keep appropriate books and records of financial transactions, maintain our properties, provide financial and other reports to our lenders, limit pledging and disposition of assets and mergers and consolidations, and other similar covenants.We and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our restrictive covenants in our debt agreements.Change In Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted CashOur Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2023 totaled $2.2 billion, a $371 million decrease compared to December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of the factors discussed above.45Table of ContentsRestricted cash totaled $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion as of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, primarily related to cash collections on certain receivables that are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Free Cash FlowFree cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that reflects an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, we believe, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides management, investors and other users of our financial information with a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures (including capitalized software) from net cash provided by operating activities. We believe it is a more conservative measure of cash flow since capital expenditures are necessary for ongoing operations. Free cash flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate payments made on finance lease obligations or cash payments for business acquisitions or wireless licenses. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a complement to our entire condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:The increase in free cash flow during the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared to the similar period in 2022, is a reflection of the increase in operating cash flows, partially offset by the increase in capital expenditures, both of which are discussed above.Other Future ObligationsAs of March 31, 2023, Verizon had 25 renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties. See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. Under the REPAs, we plan to purchase up to an aggregate of approximately 3.2 gigawatts of capacity across multiple states, including Arizona, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Nebraska, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia. We are exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in investment, equity and commodity prices and changes in corporate tax rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, treasury rate locks and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes.It is our general policy to enter into interest rate, foreign currency and other derivative transactions only to the extent necessary to achieve our desired objectives in optimizing exposure to various market risks. Our objectives include maintaining a mix of fixed and variable rate debt to lower borrowing costs within reasonable risk parameters and to protect against earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from changes in market conditions. We do not hedge our market risk exposure in a manner that would completely eliminate the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates on our earnings.Counterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions with whom we have negotiated derivatives agreements (ISDA master agreements) and credit support annex (CSA) agreements which provide rules for collateral exchange. The CSA agreements contain rating based thresholds such that we or our counterparties may be required to hold or post collateral based upon changes in outstanding positions as compared to established thresholds and changes in credit ratings. We do not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value. At March 31, 2023, we did not hold any collateral. At March 31, 2023, we posted $1.9 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, we did not hold any collateral. At December 31, 2022, we posted $2.3 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote and do not expect that any such nonperformance would result in a significant effect on our results of operations or financial condition due to our diversified pool of counterparties. See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the derivative portfolio.46Table of ContentsInterest Rate RiskWe are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and the portion of long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. As of March 31, 2023, approximately 73% of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of fixed-rate indebtedness, including the effect of interest rate swap agreements designated as hedges. The impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates affecting our floating rate debt would result in a change in annual interest expense, including our interest rate swap agreements that are designated as hedges, of approximately $435 million. The interest rates on our existing long-term debt obligations are unaffected by changes to our credit ratings.Certain of our floating rate debt and certain of our interest rate derivative transactions utilize interest rates that are linked to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as the benchmark rate. The U.S. dollar LIBOR rates utilized in these transactions will cease publication after June 30, 2023, in accordance with recent U.S. and international regulatory guidance for reform. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our floating rate debt or exposure under our interest rate derivative transactions. Outstanding debt and derivative transactions that are still benchmarked to LIBOR are expected to be repaid or transitioned to interest rates that are linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as the benchmark rate on or before June 30, 2023. We do not anticipate a significant impact to our financial position given our current mix of variable and fixed-rate debt and taking into account the impact of our interest rate hedging. In 2021, we began utilizing interest rates that are linked to the SOFR as the benchmark rate for various floating rate transactions.Interest Rate SwapsWe enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. At March 31, 2023, there was no amount related to the fair value of the asset and the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $3.9 billion. At December 31, 2022, there was no amount related to the fair value of the asset and the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $4.6 billion. At both March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the total notional amount of the interest rate swaps was $26.1 billion.Forward Starting Interest Rate SwapsFrom time to time we enter into forward starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges in order to manage our exposure to interest rate changes on future forecasted transactions. At March 31, 2023, there was no amount related to the fair value of the asset or liability of these contracts. At December 31, 2022, there was no amount related to the fair value of the asset or liability of these contracts. There was no outstanding notional amount for forward starting interest rate swaps at March 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022.Treasury Rate LocksFrom time to time we enter into treasury rate locks to mitigate our future interest rate risk. There was no outstanding notional amount for treasury rate locks at March 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022.Foreign Currency RiskThe functional currency for our foreign operations is primarily the local currency. The translation of income statement and balance sheet amounts of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars is recorded as cumulative translation adjustments, which are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of income. At March 31, 2023, our primary translation exposure was to the British Pound Sterling, Euro, and Australian Dollar.Cross Currency SwapsWe have entered into cross currency swaps to exchange our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. On March 31, 2022, we voluntarily elected to de-designate our cross currency swaps previously designated as cash flow hedges and re-designated the swaps as fair value hedges. Subsequently executed cross currency swaps are also designated as fair value hedges. The fair value of the asset of these contracts was $299 million and $305 million at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the fair value of the liability of these contracts was $3.5 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the total notional amount of the cross currency swaps was $34.1 billion and $35.0 billion, respectively.47Table of ContentsForeign Exchange ForwardsWe also have foreign exchange forwards which we use as an economic hedge but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting. We enter into British Pound Sterling and Euro foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries.At March 31, 2023, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was insignificant. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the asset and liability of these contracts was insignificant. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the total notional amount of the foreign exchange forwards was $980 million and $920 million, respectively.Spectrum License TransactionsFrom time to time, we enter into agreements to buy, sell or exchange spectrum licenses. We believe these spectrum license transactions have allowed us to continue to enhance the reliability of our wireless network while also resulting in a more efficient use of spectrum. In February 2021, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) concluded Auction 107 for C-Band wireless spectrum. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, Verizon is required to make payments for our allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction, which are estimated to be $7.7 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we made payments of $114 million and $1.4 billion, respectively, for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives. We expect to continue to make payments related to clearing cost and incentive payment obligations through 2024, which we expect to be $4.7 billion. These payments are dependent on the incumbent license holders' accelerated clearing of the spectrum for Verizon’s use and, therefore, the final timing and amounts could differ based on the incumbent holders’ execution of their clearing process. In accordance with the FCC order, the clearing must be completed by December 2025. The carrying value of the wireless spectrum won in Auction 107 consists of all payments required to participate and purchase licenses in the auction, including Verizon’s allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction that we are obligated to pay in order to acquire the licenses. The carrying value also includes capitalized interest to the extent qualifying activities have occurred.In March 2022, Verizon signed agreements with satellite operators in which operators agreed to clear C-Band spectrum in certain markets and frequencies ahead of the previously expected timeframe. This early clearance accelerated Verizon's access to more spectrum in a number of key markets to support its 5G initiatives.See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our spectrum license transactions.TracFone Wireless, Inc.On November 23, 2021 (the Acquisition Date), we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone), a leading provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Verizon acquired all of TracFone's outstanding stock in exchange for approximately $3.5 billion in cash, net of cash acquired and working capital and other adjustments, 57,596,544 shares of Verizon common stock valued at approximately $3.0 billion, and up to an additional $650 million in future cash contingent consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The fair value of the Verizon common stock was determined on the basis of its closing market price on the Acquisition Date. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date was approximately $560 million, and represents a Level 3 measurement. The contingent consideration payable is based on the achievement of certain revenue and operational targets, measured over a two-year earn out period. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, Verizon made a payment of $102 million related to the contingent consideration, which is reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Contingent consideration payments are expected to continue through 2024. See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information.Regulatory and Competitive TrendsThere have been no material changes to regulatory and competitive trends as previously disclosed in "Competition and Related Trends" and "Regulatory Trends" in Part I, Item 1. "Business" and "Operating Environment and Trends" in Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or followed by the words "anticipates," "believes," 48Table of Contents"estimates," "expects," "forecasts," "hopes," "plans" or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere in this report and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements:•the effects of competition in the markets in which we operate, including any inability to successfully respond tocompetitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and evolving consumer preferences;•failure to take advantage of, or respond to competitors' use of, developments in technology and address changes inconsumer demand;•performance issues or delays in the deployment of our 5G network resulting in significant costs or a reduction in theanticipated benefits of the enhancement to our networks;•the inability to implement our business strategy; •adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies, including inflation in the markets in which we operate; •cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems and any resulting financial or reputational impact; •damage to our infrastructure or disruption of our operations from natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, acts of war, terrorist attacks or other hostile acts and any resulting financial or reputational impact; •the impact of public health crises on our operations, our employees and the ways in which our customers use our networks and other products and services;•disruption of our key suppliers’ or vendors' provisioning of products or services, including as a result of geopolitical factors, public health crises or the potential impacts of global climate change; •material adverse changes in labor matters and any resulting financial or operational impact; •changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate, including any increase in restrictions on our ability to operate our networks or businesses; •our high level of indebtedness; •significant litigation and any resulting material expenses incurred in defending against lawsuits or paying awards or settlements;•an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing; •significant increases in benefit plan costs or lower investment returns on plan assets; •changes in tax laws or treaties, or in their interpretation; and •changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings. Information relating to market risk is included in Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption "Market Risk."49Table of ContentsOur Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, that ensure that information relating to the registrant which is required to be disclosed in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods using the criteria for effective internal control established in Internal Control–Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2023.In the ordinary course of business, we routinely review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our systems and processes that are intended to ensure an effective internal control environment. In the third quarter of 2020, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which will replace many of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to enhance the flow of financial information, facilitate data analysis and accelerate information reporting. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. During the first quarter of 2023, we have made changes to our internal controls to address processes impacted by the ERP system implementation.As the phased implementation of the new ERP system continues, we could have changes to our processes and procedures which, in turn, could result in changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Other than the above-noted changes, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the first quarter 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.In the ordinary course of business, Verizon is involved in various litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. As of the date of this report, we do not believe that any pending legal proceedings to which we or our subsidiaries are subject are required to be disclosed as material legal proceedings pursuant to this item. Verizon is not subject to any administrative or judicial proceeding arising under any federal, state or local provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment that is likely to result in monetary sanctions of $1 million or more.See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding legal proceedings.There have been no material changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.In February 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share buyback program to repurchase up to 100 million shares of the Company's common stock. The program will terminate when the aggregate number of shares purchased reaches 100 million or a new share repurchase plan superseding the current plan is authorized, whichever is sooner. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated transactions, on the open market, or otherwise, including through plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The timing and number of shares purchased under the program, if any, will depend on market conditions and our capital allocation priorities.Verizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2023. At March 31, 2023, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 100 million.50Table of Contents51Table of ContentsPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.52 EX-10.A 2 a2023q110-qxex10a.htm EX-10.A DocumentEXHIBIT 10aVERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN2023 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTAGREEMENT between Verizon Communications Inc. (“Verizon” or the “Company”) and you (the “Participant”) and your heirs and beneficiaries.1. Purpose of Agreement. The purpose of this Agreement is to provide a grant of performance stock units (“PSUs”) to the Participant.2. Agreement. This Agreement is entered into pursuant to the 2017 Verizon Communications Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), and evidences the grant of a performance stock unit award in the form of PSUs pursuant to the Plan. In consideration of the benefits described in this Agreement, which the Participant acknowledges are good, valuable and sufficient consideration, the Participant agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement and the Participant’s non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and other obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement, both of which are incorporated into and are a part of the Agreement. The PSUs and this Agreement are subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan. By executing this Agreement, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement. In addition, the Participant agrees to be bound by the actions of the Human Resources Committee of Verizon’s Board of Directors or any successor thereto (the “Committee”), and any designee of the Committee (to the extent that such actions are exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement). If there is a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.3. Contingency. The grant of PSUs is contingent on the Participant’s timely acceptance of this Agreement and satisfaction of the other conditions contained in it. Acceptance shall be through execution of the Agreement as set forth in paragraph 21. If the Participant does not accept this Agreement by the close of business on May 19, 2023, the Participant shall not be entitled to this grant of PSUs regardless of the extent to which the requirements in paragraph 5 (“Vesting”) are satisfied. In addition, to the extent a Participant is on a Company approved leave of absence, including but not limited to short-term disability leave, he or she will not be entitled to this grant of PSUs until such time as he or she returns to work with Verizon or a Related Company (as defined in paragraph 13) and accepts this Agreement within the time period established by the Company.4. Number of Units. The Participant is granted the number of PSUs as specified in the Participant’s account under the 2023 PSU grant, administered by Fidelity Investments or any successor thereto (“Fidelity”). A PSU is a hypothetical share of Verizon’s common stock. The value of a PSU on any given date shall be equal to the closing price of Verizon’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) as of such date. A Dividend Equivalent Unit (“DEU”) or fraction thereof shall be added to each PSU each time that a dividend is paid on Verizon’s common stock with respect to each dividend record date that occurs after the date of grant and prior to the payment of a PSU. The amount of each DEU shall be equal to the corresponding dividend paid on a share of Verizon’s common stock. The DEU shall be converted into PSUs or fractions thereof based upon the closing price of Verizon’s common stock traded on the NYSE on the dividend payment date of each declared dividend on Verizon’s common stock, and such PSUs or fractions thereof shall be added to the Participant’s PSU balance. DEUs that are credited will be subject to the same vesting, termination and other terms as the PSUs to which they relate. To the extent that Fidelity or the Company makes an error, including but not limited to an administrative error with respect to the number or value of the PSUs granted to the Participant under this Agreement, the DEUs credited to the Participant’s account or the amount of the final award payment, the Company or Fidelity specifically reserves the right to correct such error at any time and the Participant agrees that he or she shall be legally bound by any corrective action taken by the Company or Fidelity.5. Vesting.(a) General. The Participant shall vest in the PSUs to the extent provided in paragraph 5(b) (“Performance Requirement”) only if the Participant satisfies the requirements of paragraph 5(c) (“Three-Year Continuous Employment Requirement”), except as otherwise provided in paragraph 7 (“Early Cancellation/Accelerated Vesting of PSUs”).(b) Performance Requirement.(1) General. The number of PSUs granted to the Participant, as specified in the Participant’s account under the 2023 PSU grant, is referred to as the “Target Number of PSUs.” The vesting of one-third (1/3) of the Target Number of PSUs will be determined with reference to the adjusted earnings per share metric set forth in paragraph 5(b)(2) (the “Target Number of EPS PSUs”), the vesting of one-third (1/3) of the Target Number of PSUs will be determined with reference to the free cash flow metric set forth in paragraph 5(b)(3) (the “Target Number of FCF PSUs”), and the vesting of the remaining one-third (1/3) of the Target Number of PSUs will be determined with reference to the service and other revenue metric as provided in paragraph 5(b)(4) (the “Target Number of SOR PSUs”), in each case subject to adjustment based on a relative total shareholder return measure set forth in paragraph 5(b)(5). Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 5(b), in all cases vesting remains subject to the requirements of paragraphs 5(c) and 7.(2) Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS) Metric. (A) The percentage of the Target Number of EPS PSUs that shall become eligible to vest will be based on Verizon’s EPS (as defined below) for the three-year period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending at the close of business on December 31, 2025 (the “Award Cycle”). Notwithstanding paragraph 5(c), no portion of the Target Number of EPS PSUs shall become eligible to vest unless the Committee determines that Verizon’s EPS for the Award Cycle is greater than or equal to $XX.XX. If the Committee determines that Verizon’s EPS for the Award Cycle is greater than or equal to $XX.XX, the percentage of the Target Number of EPS PSUs that shall become eligible to vest (plus any additional PSUs added with respect to DEUs credited on the Target Number of EPS PSUs over the Award Cycle) will equal the Verizon EPS Vested Percentage (as defined below). (B) “EPS” shall mean Verizon’s cumulative earnings per share, as such term is used in Verizon’s consolidated financial statements, over the Award Cycle adjusted to exclude the impact of special items, including, without limitation, the benefit of any repurchases of Verizon’s common stock under a share buyback program. The Committee will (to the extent necessary and without duplication) adjust such earnings per share to eliminate the financial impact of (i) acquisitions, divestitures or changes in business structure; (ii) changes in legal, tax, accounting or regulatory policy; and (iii) other items that are extraordinary in nature or not deemed to be in the ordinary course of business. The Committee’s determination of whether, and the extent to which, any such adjustment is necessary shall be final and binding.(C) “Verizon EPS Vested Percentage” shall be the percentage (between 0% and 200%), which is based on Verizon’s EPS, determined as provided in the following table:If Verizon’s EPS is less than $XX.XX but greater than $XX.XX, or less than $XX.XX but greater than $XX.XX, or less than $XX.XX but greater than $XX.XX, or less than $XX.XX but greater than $XX.XX, the Verizon EPS Vested Percentage will be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the respective levels (for example, if Verizon’s EPS is $XX.XX, the Verizon EPS Vested Percentage will be 70%).(3) Free Cash Flow (FCF) Metric. (A) The percentage of the Target Number of FCF PSUs that shall become eligible to vest will be based on Verizon’s FCF (as defined below) for the Award Cycle. Notwithstanding paragraph 5(c), no portion of the Target Number of FCF PSUs shall become eligible to vest unless the Committee determines that Verizon’s FCF for the Award Cycle is greater than or equal to $XX.XB. If the Committee determines that Verizon’s FCF for the Award Cycle is greater than or equal to $XX.XB, the percentage of the Target Number of FCF PSUs that shall become eligible to vest (plus any additional PSUs added with respect to DEUs credited on the Target Number of FCF PSUs over the Award Cycle) will equal the Verizon FCF Vested Percentage (as defined below). (B) “FCF” shall mean (a) the sum of Verizon’s net cash provided by operating activities minus (b) capital expenditures, as such terms are used in Verizon’s consolidated financial statements, on a consolidated basis for the Award Cycle. The Committee will (to the extent necessary and without duplication) adjust such net cash less capital expenditures to eliminate the financial impact of (i) acquisitions, divestitures or changes in business structure; (ii) changes in legal, tax, accounting or regulatory policy; and (iii) other items that are extraordinary in nature or not deemed to be in the ordinary course of business. The Committee’s determination of whether, and the extent to which, any such adjustment is necessary shall be final and binding.(C) “Verizon FCF Vested Percentage” is the percentage (between 0% and 200%), which is based on Verizon’s FCF, determined as provided in the following table:If the Verizon FCF is less than $XX.XB but greater than $XX.XB, or less than $XX.XB but greater than $XX.XB, or less than $XX.XB but greater than $XX.XB, or less than $XX.XB but greater than $XX.XB, the Verizon FCF Vested Percentage will be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the respective levels (for example, if the Verizon FCF is $XX.XB, the Verizon FCF Vested Percentage will be 70%).(4) Service and Other Revenue (SOR) Metric. (A) The percentage of the Target Number of SOR PSUs that shall become eligible to vest will be based on Verizon’s SOR (as defined below) for the Award Cycle. Notwithstanding paragraph 5(c), no portion of the Target Number of SOR PSUs shall become eligible to vest unless the Committee determines that Verizon’s SOR for the Award Cycle is greater than or equal to $XXX.XB. If the Committee determines that Verizon’s SOR for the Award 2Cycle is greater than or equal to $XXX.XB, the percentage of the Target Number of SOR PSUs that shall become eligible to vest (plus any additional PSUs added with respect to DEUs credited on the Target Number of SOR PSUs over the Award Cycle) will equal the Verizon SOR Vested Percentage (as defined below). (B) “SOR” or “Service and Other Revenue” shall mean Verizon's cumulative revenue generated from Verizon’s wireless and wireline businesses, excluding revenue related to wireless equipment, as such terms are used in Verizon’s consolidated financial statements, on a consolidated basis over the Award Cycle. The Committee will (to the extent necessary and without duplication) adjust such revenue to eliminate the financial impact of (i) acquisitions, divestitures or changes in business structure; (ii) changes in legal, tax, accounting or regulatory policy; and (iii) other items that are extraordinary in nature or not deemed to be in the ordinary course of business. The Committee’s determination of whether, and the extent to which, any such adjustment is necessary shall be final and binding.(C) “Verizon SOR Vested Percentage” shall be the percentage (between 0% and 200%), which is based on Verizon’s SOR, determined as provided in the following table:If the Verizon SOR is less than $XXX.XB but greater than $XXX.XB, or less than $XXX.XB but greater than $XXX.XB, or less than $XXX.XB but greater than $XXX.XB, or less than $XXX.XB but greater than $XXX.XB the Verizon SOR Vested Percentage will be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the respective levels (for example, if the Verizon SOR is $XXX.XB, the Verizon SOR Vested Percentage will be 70%).(5) Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Modifier. (A) The total number of PSUs that will become vested will range from 0 to 200% of the Target Number of PSUs and will equal the average of the Verizon EPS Vested Percentage, the Verizon FCF Vested Percentage and the Verizon SOR Vested Percentage, as modified by Verizon’s TSR Modifier Percentage pursuant to this paragraph 5(b)(5). (B) “Verizon TSR Modifier Percentage” shall be the percentage, which is based on the Verizon TSR Percentile Ranking, determined as provided in the following table:If the Verizon TSR Percentile Ranking is less then 75th percentile but greater than the 50th percentile, or less than the 50th percentile but greater than the 25th percentile, the Verizon TSR Modifier Percentage will be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the respective levels (for example, if the Verizon TSR Percentile Ranking is the 65th percentile, the Verizon TSR Modifier Percentage will be +15%).(C) “Verizon TSR Percentile Ranking” shall be the percentile ranking of Verizon’s TSR relative to the TSRs of the companies comprising the Comparison Group. The Committee shall determine the Verizon TSR Percentile Ranking for the Award Cycle and its determination shall be final and binding. (D) “TSR” or “Total Shareholder Return” shall mean the change in the price of a share of common stock from the beginning of a period until the end of the applicable period, adjusted to reflect the reinvestment of dividends (if any) and as may be necessary to take into account stock splits or other events similar to those described in Section 4.3 of the Plan. The Committee shall determine TSR in accordance with its standard practice and its determinations shall be final and binding. (E) “Comparison Group” shall mean the companies in the S&P 100 Index on the grant date of the PSUs. The Committee will make adjustments to the Comparison Group to preserve the intended incentives of this Agreement for any changes to the members of the Comparison Group, including, without limitation, the common stock of a member ceasing to be publicly traded or in the event a member of the Comparison Group merges or is otherwise involved in a business combination or becomes bankrupt or insolvent, in each case, during the Award Cycle.(F) Example: For example, if the Participant is granted 1,000 PSUs, and those PSUs are credited with an additional 200 PSUs as a result of DEUs paid over the Award Cycle, and the Verizon EPS Vested Percentage is 125%, the Verizon FCF Vested Percentage is 100%, the Verizon SOR Vested Percentage is 75% and the Verizon 3TSR Modifier Percentage is +15% (which means that the Verizon TSR Percentile Ranking was the 65th percentile for the Award Cycle), 1380 PSUs shall become vested.(c) Three-Year Continuous Employment Requirement. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, or except as otherwise provided in paragraph 7 (“Early Cancellation/Accelerated Vesting of PSUs”), the PSUs shall vest only if the Participant is continuously employed by the Company or a Related Company (as defined in paragraph 13) from the date the PSUs are granted through the end of the Award Cycle. (d) Transfer. Transfer of employment from Verizon to a Related Company, from a Related Company to Verizon, or from one Related Company to another Related Company shall not constitute a separation from employment hereunder, and service with a Related Company shall be treated as service with the Company for purposes of the three-year continuous employment requirement in paragraph 5(c). If the Participant transfers employment pursuant to this paragraph 5(d), the Participant will still be required to satisfy the definition of “Full Retirement” or “Early Retirement” under paragraph 7 of this Agreement in order to be eligible for the accelerated vesting provisions in connection with a “Full Retirement” or “Early Retirement”, as applicable.6. Payment. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in shares of Verizon common stock. Subject to paragraph 7(a) or 7(b), as soon as practicable after the end of the Award Cycle (but in no event later than March 15, 2026), the number of PSUs that vested (minus any withholding for taxes) shall be paid to the Participant. The number of shares that shall be paid (plus withholding for taxes) shall equal the number of PSUs that vested pursuant to paragraph 5(b). If the Participant dies before any payment due hereunder is made, such payment shall be made to the Participant’s beneficiary, as designated under paragraph 11. Once a payment has been made with respect to a PSU, the PSU shall be cancelled; however, all other terms of the Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, shall remain in effect. Any PSU that does not vest for the Award Cycle (whether due to failure to achieve the applicable performance condition or otherwise, and subject to earlier termination pursuant to paragraph 7) shall terminate and be cancelled as of the last day of the Award Cycle without payment of any consideration by Verizon or any other action by the Participant.7. Early Cancellation/Accelerated Vesting of PSUs. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 5, PSUs may vest or be forfeited before the end of the Award Cycle or may be forfeited before the payment date as follows:(a) Termination for Cause. If the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company is terminated by the Company or a Related Company for Cause (as defined below) at any time prior to the date that the PSUs are paid pursuant to paragraph 6, the PSUs (whether vested or not) shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable termination date without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant. (b) Voluntary Separation On or Before December 31, 2025 for any Reason other than Full Retirement or Early Retirement. If the Participant separates from employment on or before December 31, 2025 for any reason other than as specified in paragraph 7(c) below, the PSUs shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable termination date without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant.(c) Full Retirement, Early Retirement, Involuntary Termination Without Cause or Termination Due to Death or Disability.(1) If the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Related Company either (A) by reason of the Participant’s Full Retirement on or after the last business day prior to July 1, 2023 and on or before December 31, 2025, or (B) due to the Participant’s death or Disability (as defined below) on or before December 31, 2025, then the Participant’s PSUs shall be subject to the vesting provisions set forth in paragraphs 5(a) and 5(b) (without prorating the award), except that the three-year continuous employment requirement set forth in paragraph 5(c) shall not apply.(2) If the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Related Company either (A) by reason of the Participant’s Full Retirement before the last business day prior to July 1, 2023, or (B) by reason of the Participant’s Early Retirement, or an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company without Cause on or before December 31, 2025, then the three-year continuous employment requirement set forth in paragraph 5(c) shall not apply to the Participant’s PSUs, and the Participant shall vest in a Pro-Rata Portion (as defined below) of the Participant’s PSUs that are eligible to become vested pursuant to paragraphs 5(a) and 5(b). For this purpose, “Pro-Rata Portion” means a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of calendar days in the Award Cycle to have occurred through and including the date of the Participant’s separation from employment, and the denominator of which is the total number of calendar days in the Award Cycle. (3) The continued eligibility for vesting of any PSUs pursuant to paragraph 7(c)(1) or 7(c)(2) is conditioned on (i) the Participant not committing a breach of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement and (ii) the Participant executing, within the time prescribed by Verizon, a separation agreement satisfactory to Verizon, which separation agreement will include, among other terms, a general release waiving any claims the Participant may have against Verizon and any Related Company and non-competition and non-solicitation provisions that are no more restrictive than those contained in Exhibit B (otherwise, paragraph 7(b) shall apply). (4) Any PSUs that vest pursuant to paragraph 7(c)(1) or 7(c)(2) shall be payable as soon as practicable after the end of the Award Cycle (but in no event later than March 15, 2026).(d) Change in Control. If a Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Related Company due to an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company without Cause within twelve (12) months following the occurrence of a Change in Control of Verizon (as defined in the Plan) and before the end of the Award Cycle, the PSUs shall vest and become payable (without prorating the award) by applying a Verizon EPS Vested 4Percentage of 100%, a Verizon FCF Vested Percentage of 100%, a Verizon SOR Vested Percentage of 100%, and a Verizon TSR Modifier Percentage of 0% (no modification), to the PSUs without regard to the performance requirements in paragraph 5(b) and the three-year continuous employment requirement in paragraph 5(c) shall be deemed satisfied in full as if the Participant’s employment with the Company or a Related Company had continued through the last day of the Award Cycle; provided however, all other terms of the Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, shall remain in effect. A Change in Control or an involuntary termination without Cause that occurs after the end of the Award Cycle shall have no effect on whether any PSUs vest or become payable under this paragraph 7(d). If both paragraph 7(c) and this paragraph 7(d) would otherwise apply in the circumstances, this paragraph 7(d) shall control. Any PSUs that vest pursuant to this paragraph 7(d) shall be payable as soon as practicable after the end of the Award Cycle (but in no event later than March 15, 2026). (e) Vesting Schedule. Except and to the extent provided in paragraphs 7(c) and (d), nothing in this paragraph 7 shall alter the vesting schedule prescribed by paragraph 5.(f) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply: (1) “Cause” means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) incompetence or negligence in the discharge of, or inattention to or neglect of or failure to perform, the duties and responsibilities assigned to the Participant; fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement; or a material breach of the Verizon Code of Conduct (as in effect at the relevant time) or any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, all as determined by the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee) in her or his discretion, or (ii) commission of any felony of which the Participant is finally adjudged guilty by a court of competent jurisdiction.(2) “Disability” means the total and permanent disability of the Participant as defined by, or determined under, the Company’s long-term disability benefit plan.(3) “Early Retirement” means with respect to a Participant to cease to be employed by the Company or a Related Company at a time that the Participant has attained (i) 55 years of age, but less than 65 years of age, and (ii) 5 or more years of vesting service, but less than 10 years of vesting service. For purposes of this definition, “years of vesting service” is used as defined under the applicable Verizon tax-qualified 401(k) savings plan.(4) “Full Retirement” means with respect to a Participant: (i) to cease to be employed by the Company or a Related Company due to voluntary separation after the Participant has attained at least one of the following: (A) at least 15 years of vesting service and a combination of age and years of vesting service that equals or exceeds 75 points, (B) 65 years of age and 5 years of vesting service, or (C) 55 years of age and 10 years of vesting service; (ii) to cease to be employed by the Company or a Related Company due to an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company without Cause after the Participant attained at least one of the following: (A) at least 15 years of vesting service and a combination of age and years of vesting service that equals or exceeds 73 points, (B) 65 years of age and 5 years of vesting service, or (C) 55 years of age and 10 years of vesting service; or (iii) retirement of the Participant under any other circumstances determined in writing by the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee), provided that, in any case, the retirement was not occasioned by a discharge for Cause. For purposes of this definition, “years of vesting service” is used as defined under the applicable Verizon tax-qualified 401(k) savings plan. For clarity, a “point” for these purposes means one year of age or one year of vesting service.8. Shareholder Rights. The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to the PSUs until the date on which the Participant becomes the holder of record with respect to any shares of Verizon common stock to which this grant relates. Except as provided in the Plan or in this Agreement, no adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date occurs while the PSUs are outstanding.9. Amendment of Agreement. Except to the extent required by law or specifically contemplated under this Agreement, neither the Committee nor the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee) may, without the written consent of the Participant, change any term, condition or provision affecting the PSUs if the change would have a material adverse effect upon the PSUs or the Participant’s rights thereto. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall preclude the Committee or the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee) from exercising administrative discretion with respect to the Plan or this Agreement, and the exercise of such discretion shall be final, conclusive and binding. This discretion includes, but is not limited to, corrections of any errors, including but not limited to any administrative errors, determining the total percentage of PSUs that become payable, and determining whether the Participant has been discharged for Cause, has a Disability, has attained Early Retirement or Full Retirement, has breached any of the Participant’s obligations or restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement or has satisfied the requirements for vesting and payment under paragraphs 5 and 7 of this Agreement.10. Assignment. The PSUs shall not be assigned, pledged or transferred except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 11. Beneficiary. The Participant shall designate a beneficiary in writing and in such manner as is acceptable to the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee). Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by the Participant with respect to the Participant’s benefits under the Plan and shall be effective only when filed by the Participant with the Company during the Participant’s lifetime. If the Participant fails to so designate a beneficiary, or if no such designated beneficiary survives the Participant, the Participant’s beneficiary shall be the Participant’s estate.12. Other Plans and Agreements. Any payment received by the Participant pursuant to this Agreement shall not be taken into account as compensation in the determination of the Participant’s benefits under any pension, savings, life insurance, severance 5or other benefit plan maintained by Verizon or a Related Company. The Participant acknowledges that this Agreement or any prior PSU agreement shall not entitle the Participant to any other benefits under the Plan or any other plans maintained by the Company or a Related Company.13. Company and Related Company. For purposes of this Agreement, “Company” means Verizon Communications Inc. “Related Company” means (a) any corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other entity in which Verizon Communications Inc. holds a direct or indirect ownership or proprietary interest of 50 percent or more at any time during the term of this Agreement, or (b) any corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other entity in which Verizon Communications Inc. holds a direct or indirect ownership or other proprietary interest of less than 50 percent at any time during the term of this Agreement but which, in the discretion of the Committee, is treated as a Related Company for purposes of this Agreement.14. Employment Status. The grant of the PSUs shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment for a particular term between the Company or a Related Company and the Participant, nor shall it constitute a right to remain in the employ of any such Company or Related Company. In addition, acceptance of this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a condition of continuing employment.15. Withholding. The Participant acknowledges that he or she shall be responsible for any taxes that arise in connection with this grant of PSUs, and the Company shall make such arrangements as it deems necessary for withholding of any taxes it determines are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.16. Securities Laws. The Company shall not be required to make payment with respect to any shares of common stock prior to the admission of such shares to listing on any stock exchange on which the stock may then be listed and the completion of any registration or qualification of such shares under any federal or state law or rulings or regulations of any government body that the Company, in its discretion, determines to be necessary or advisable.17. Committee Authority. The Committee shall have complete discretion in the exercise of its rights, powers, and duties under this Agreement. Any interpretation or construction of any provision of, and the determination of any question arising under, this Agreement shall be made by the Committee in its discretion, as described in paragraph 9. The Committee and the Audit Committee of Verizon’s Board of Directors may designate any individual or individuals to perform any of its functions hereunder and utilize experts to assist in carrying out their duties hereunder.18. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, any successor or successors of the Company and the person or entity to whom the PSUs may have been transferred by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or beneficiary designation. All terms and conditions of this Agreement imposed upon the Participant shall, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, be deemed, in the event of the Participant’s death, to refer to and be binding upon the Participant’s heirs and beneficiaries. 19. Construction. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be considered separate and apart from the remainder of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that any provision, including any of the Participant’s obligations or restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, is held to be unenforceable for being unduly broad as written, such provision shall be deemed amended to narrow its application to the extent necessary to make the provision enforceable according to applicable law and shall be enforced as amended. The PSUs are intended to not be subject to any tax, interest or penalty under Section 409A of the Code, and this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with such intent.20. Defined Terms. Except where the context clearly indicates otherwise, all capitalized terms used herein shall have the definitions ascribed to them by the Plan, and the terms of the Plan shall apply where appropriate.21. Execution of Agreement. The Participant shall indicate his or her consent and acknowledgment to the terms of this Agreement (including the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement) and the Plan by executing this Agreement pursuant to the instructions provided and otherwise shall comply with the requirements of paragraph 3. In addition, by consenting to the terms of this Agreement and the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, the Participant expressly agrees and acknowledges that Fidelity may deliver all documents, statements and notices associated with the Plan and this Agreement to the Participant in electronic form. The Participant and Verizon hereby expressly agree that the use of electronic media to indicate confirmation, consent, signature, acceptance, agreement and delivery shall be legally valid and have the same legal force and effect as if the Participant and Verizon executed this Agreement (including the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement) in paper form.22. Confidentiality. Except to the extent otherwise required by law, the Participant shall not disclose, in whole or in part, any of the terms of this Agreement. This paragraph 22 does not prevent the Participant from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Participant’s spouse or beneficiary or to the Participant’s legal, tax, or financial adviser, provided that the Participant take all reasonable measures to assure that the individual to whom disclosure is made does not disclose the terms of this Agreement to a third party except as otherwise required by law.23. Applicable Law. Except as expressly provided in Exhibit B, the validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.24. Notice. Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon at One Verizon Way, Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920 and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the payroll of the Company, or to such other address as the Participant may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by 6hand, sent by telecopy, sent by overnight carrier, or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 25. Dispute Resolution.(a) General. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 26 below, all disputes arising under or related to the Plan or this Agreement and all claims in which a Participant seeks damages or other relief that relate in any way to PSUs or other benefits of the Plan are subject to the dispute resolution procedure described below in this paragraph 25.(i) For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Units Award Dispute” shall mean any claim against the Company or a Related Company, other than Units Damages Disputes described in paragraph (a)(ii) below, regarding (A) the interpretation of the Plan or this Agreement, (B) any of the terms or conditions of the PSUs issued under this Agreement, or (C) allegations of entitlement to PSUs or additional PSUs, or any other benefits, under the Plan or this Agreement; provided, however, that any dispute relating to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement or to the forfeiture of an award as a result of a breach of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement shall not be subject to the dispute resolution procedures provided for in this paragraph 25. (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Units Damages Dispute” shall mean any claims between the Participant and the Company or a Related Company (or against the past or present directors, officers, employees, representatives, or agents of the Company or a Related Company, whether acting in their capacity as such or otherwise), that are related in any way to the Participant’s employment or former employment, including claims of alleged employment discrimination, wrongful termination, or violations of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 42 U.S.C. § 1981, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any other U.S. federal, state or local law, statute, regulation, or ordinance relating to employment or any common law theories of recovery relating to employment, such as breach of contract, tort, or public policy claims, in which the damages or other relief sought relate in any way to PSUs or other benefits of the Plan or this Agreement. (b) Internal Dispute Resolution Procedure. All Units Award Disputes, and all Units Damages Dispute alleging breach of contract, tort, or public policy claims with respect to the Plan or this Agreement (collectively, “Plan Disputes”), shall be referred in the first instance to the Verizon Employee Benefits Committee (“EB Committee”) for resolution internally within Verizon. Except where otherwise prohibited by law, all Plan Disputes must be filed in writing with the EB Committee no later than one year from the date that the dispute accrues. Consistent with paragraph 25(c)(i) of this Agreement, all decisions relating to the enforceability of the limitations period contained herein shall be made by the arbitrator. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the EB Committee shall have full power, discretion, and authority to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to decide all Plan Disputes brought under this Plan and Agreement. Determinations made by the EB Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding, subject only to review by arbitration pursuant to paragraph (c) below under the arbitrary and capricious standard of review. A Participant’s failure to refer a Plan Dispute to the EB Committee for resolution will in no way impair the Company’s right to compel arbitration or the enforceability of the waiver in paragraph 25(c)(ii).(c) Arbitration. All appeals from determinations by the EB Committee as described in paragraph (b) above, and any Units Damages Dispute, shall be fully and finally settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) on an individual basis (and not on a collective or class action basis) before a single arbitrator pursuant to the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules in effect at the time any such arbitration is initiated. Any such arbitration must be initiated in writing pursuant to the aforesaid rules of the AAA no later than one year from the date that the claim accrues, except where a longer limitations period is required by applicable law. However, a Participant’s failure to initiate arbitration within one year will in no way impair the Company’s right, exercised at its discretion, to compel arbitration or the enforceability of the waiver in paragraph 25(c)(ii). Decisions about the applicability of the limitations period contained herein shall be made by the arbitrator. A copy of the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules may be obtained from Human Resources. The Participant agrees that the arbitration shall be held at the office of the AAA nearest the place of the Participant’s most recent employment by the Company or a Related Company, unless the parties agree in writing to a different location. All claims by the Company or a Related Company against the Participant, except for breaches of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, may also be raised in such arbitration proceedings. (i) The arbitrator shall have the authority to determine whether any dispute submitted for arbitration hereunder is arbitrable. The arbitrator shall decide all issues submitted for arbitration according to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement (except for breaches of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement), existing Company policy, and applicable substantive Delaware State and U.S. federal law and shall have the authority to award any remedy or relief permitted by such laws. The final decision of the EB Committee with respect to a Plan Dispute shall be upheld unless such decision was arbitrary or capricious. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive, not subject to appeal, and binding and enforceable in any applicable court.(ii) The Participant understands and agrees that, pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to Units Award Disputes and Units Damages Disputes, both the Participant and the Company or a Related Company waive any right to sue each other in a court of law or equity, to have a trial by jury, or to resolve disputes on a collective, or class, basis (except for breaches of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement), and that the sole forum available for the resolution of Units Award Disputes and Units Damages Disputes is arbitration as provided in this paragraph 25. If an arbitrator or court finds that the arbitration provisions of this Agreement are not enforceable, both Participant and the Company or a Related Company understand and agree to waive their right to trial by jury of any Units Award Dispute or Units Damages Dispute. This dispute resolution procedure shall not prevent either the Participant or the Company or a Related Company from commencing an action in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of obtaining injunctive relief to prevent irreparable harm pending and in aid of arbitration hereunder; in 7such event, both the Participant and the Company or a Related Company agree that the party who commences the action may proceed without necessity of posting a bond.(iii) In consideration of the Participant’s agreement in paragraph (ii) above, the Company or a Related Company will pay all filing, administrative and arbitrator’s fees incurred in connection with the arbitration proceedings. If the AAA requires the Participant to pay the initial filing fee, the Company or a Related Company will reimburse the Participant for that fee. All other fees incurred in connection with the arbitration proceedings, including but not limited to each party’s attorney’s fees, will be the responsibility of such party.(iv) The parties intend that the arbitration procedure to which they hereby agree shall be the exclusive means for resolving all Units Award Disputes and Units Damages Disputes (subject to the mandatory EB Committee procedure provided for in paragraph 25(b) above). Their agreement in this regard shall be interpreted as broadly and inclusively as reason permits to realize that intent.(v) The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) shall govern the enforceability of this paragraph 25. If for any reason the FAA is held not to apply, or if application of the FAA requires consideration of state law in any dispute arising under this Agreement or subject to this dispute resolution provision, the laws of the State of Delaware shall apply without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.(vi) To the extent an arbitrator determines that the Participant was not terminated for Cause and is entitled to the PSUs or any other benefits under the Plan pursuant to the provisions applicable to an involuntary termination without Cause, the Participant’s obligation to execute a separation agreement satisfactory to Verizon as provided under paragraph 7(c)(3) shall remain applicable in order to receive the benefit of any PSUs pursuant to this Agreement.26. Additional Remedies. Notwithstanding the dispute resolution procedures, including arbitration, of paragraph 25 of this Agreement, and in addition to any other rights or remedies, whether legal, equitable, or otherwise, that each of the parties to this Agreement may have (including the right of the Company to terminate the Participant for Cause or to involuntarily terminate the Participant without Cause), the Participant acknowledges that—(a) The Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement are essential to the continued goodwill and profitability of the Company and any Related Company;(b) The Participant has broad-based skills that will serve as the basis for other employment opportunities that are not prohibited by the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement;(c) When the Participant’s employment with the Company or any Related Company terminates, the Participant shall be able to earn a livelihood without violating any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement;(d) Irreparable damage to the Company or any Related Company shall result in the event that the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement are not specifically enforced and that monetary damages will not adequately protect the Company and any Related Company from a breach of any of such Participant obligations and restrictions;(e) If any dispute arises concerning the violation or anticipated or threatened violation by the Participant of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A or B to this Agreement, an injunction may be issued restraining such violation pending the determination of such controversy, and no bond or other security shall be required in connection therewith;(f) The Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement shall continue to apply after any expiration, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement; (g) The Participant’s breach of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, including, for example, any breach of the Participant’s non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality restrictions, shall result in the Participant’s immediate forfeiture of all rights and benefits, including all PSUs and DEUs, under this Agreement; and (h) All disputes relating to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, including their interpretation and enforceability and any damages (including but not limited to damages resulting in the forfeiture of an award or benefits under this Agreement) that may result from the breach of such Participant obligations and restrictions shall not be subject to the dispute resolution procedures, including arbitration, of paragraph 25 of this Agreement, but shall instead be determined in a court of competent jurisdiction.8As part of the Agreement to which this Exhibit A is attached, you, the Participant, agree to the following obligations: 1. Effect of a Material Restatement of Financial Results; Recoupment; Company Policies Regarding Securities Transactions.(a) General. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that, with respect to all PSUs granted to you on or after January 1, 2007 and all short-term incentive awards made to you on or after January 1, 2007, to the extent the Company or any Related Company is required to materially restate any financial results based upon your willful misconduct or gross negligence while employed by the Company or any Related Company (and where such restatement would have resulted in a lower payment being made to you), you will be required to repay all previously paid or deferred (i) PSUs and (ii) short-term incentive awards that were provided to you during the performance periods that are the subject of the restated financial results, plus a reasonable rate of interest. For purposes of this paragraph, “willful misconduct” and “gross negligence” shall be as determined by the Committee. The Audit Committee of the Verizon Board of Directors shall determine whether a material restatement of financial results has occurred. If you do not repay the entire amount required under this paragraph, the Company may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, offset your obligation to repay against any source of income available to it, including but not limited to any money you may have in your nonqualified deferral accounts.(b) Requirements of Recoupment Policy or Applicable Law. The repayment rights contained in paragraph 1(a) of Exhibit A shall be in addition to, and shall not limit, any other rights or remedies that the Company may have under law or in equity, including, without limitation, (i) any right that the Company may have under any Company recoupment policy that may apply to you, or (ii) any right or obligation that the Company may have regarding the clawback of “incentive-based compensation” under Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (as determined by the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) or under any other applicable law. By accepting this award of PSUs, you agree and consent to the Company’s application, implementation and enforcement of any such Company recoupment policy (as it may be in effect from time to time) that may apply to you and any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation and expressly agree that the Company may take such actions as are permitted under any such policy (as applicable to you) or applicable law, such as the cancellation of PSUs and repayment of amounts previously paid or deferred with respect to any previously granted PSUs or short-term incentive awards, without further consent or action being required by you.(c) Company Policies Regarding Securities Transactions. By accepting this award of PSUs, you agree to comply with all Company policies regarding trading in securities or derivative securities (including, without limitation, the Company’s policies prohibiting trading on material inside information regarding the Company or any business with which the Company does business, the Company’s policies prohibiting engaging in financial transactions that would allow you to benefit from a devaluation of the Company’s securities, and any additional policy that the Company may adopt prohibiting you from hedging your economic exposure to the Company’s securities), as such policies are in effect from time to time and for as long as such policies are applicable to you.2. Definitions. Except where clearly provided to the contrary or as otherwise defined in this Exhibit A, all capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A shall have the definitions given to those terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit A is attached.3. Agreement to Participant’s Obligations. You shall indicate your agreement to the obligations and restrictions set forth in this Exhibit A in accordance with the instructions provided in the Agreement, and your acceptance of the Agreement shall include your acceptance of such obligations and restrictions. As stated in paragraph 21 of the Agreement, you and Verizon hereby expressly agree that the use of electronic media to indicate confirmation, consent, signature, acceptance, agreement and delivery shall be legally valid and have the same legal force and effect as if you and Verizon executed this Exhibit A in paper form.9As part of the Agreement to which this Exhibit B is attached, and in consideration for the grant of PSUs under the Agreement, you (the Participant), and the Company or any Related Company which employs or employed you, agree to the following obligations:1. Non-competition. (a) Prohibited Conduct. During the period of your employment with the Company or any Related Company, and for a period ending twelve (12) months following a termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any Related Company, you shall not, without the prior written consent of the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee):(1) personally engage in Competitive Activities (as defined below); or(2) work for, own, manage, operate, control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or provide consulting or advisory services to, any person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, or any company or person affiliated with such person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities; provided that your purchase or holding, for investment purposes, of securities of a publicly traded company shall not constitute “ownership” or “participation in the ownership” for purposes of this paragraph so long as your equity interest in any such company is less than a controlling interest; provided that this paragraph (a) shall not prohibit you from (i) being employed by, or providing services to, a consulting firm, provided that you do not personally engage in Competitive Activities or provide consulting or advisory services to any person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, or any person or entity affiliated with such person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, or (ii) engaging in the practice of law as an in-house counsel, sole practitioner or as a partner in (or as an employee of or counsel to) a corporation or law firm in accordance with applicable legal and professional standards. Exception (ii), however, does not apply to you engaging in Competitive Activities or providing services to any person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, wherein such engagement or services being provided are not primarily the practice of law.(b) Competitive Activities. For purposes of the Agreement, to which this Exhibit B is attached,“Competitive Activities” means any activities relating to products or services of the same or similar type as the products or services (1) which were or are sold (or, pursuant to an existing business plan, will be sold) to paying customers of the Company or any Related Company, and (2) for which you have any direct or indirect responsibility or any involvement to plan, develop, manage, market, sell, oversee, support, implement or perform, or had any such responsibility or involvement within your most recent 24 months of employment with the Company or any Related Company. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, an activity shall not be treated as a Competitive Activity if the geographic marketing area of such same or similar products or services does not overlap with the geographic marketing area for the applicable products and services of the Company or any Related Company.2. Interference With Business Relations. During the period of your employment with the Company or any Related Company, and for a period ending twelve (12) months following a termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any Related Company, you shall not, without the prior written consent of the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee):(a) recruit, induce or solicit, directly or indirectly, any employee of the Company or Related Company who was employed by the Company or any Related Company prior to or as of your termination date and whom you worked with or had contact with, or had confidential information about, while employed by the Company or any Related Company for employment or for retention as a consultant or service provider to any person or entity;(b) hire or participate (with another person or entity) in the process of recruiting, soliciting or hiring, directly or indirectly, any person who is then an employee of the Company or any Related Company whom you worked with or had contact with, or had confidential information about, while employed by the Company or any Related Company, or provide, directly or indirectly, names or other information about any employees of the Company or Related Company whom you worked with or had contact with, or had confidential information about, while employed by the Company or any Related Company to any person or entity under circumstances that could lead to the use of any such information for purposes of recruiting, soliciting or hiring any such employee for any person or entity;(c) interfere, or attempt to interfere, directly or indirectly, with any relationship of the Company or any Related Company with any of its employees, agents, or representatives;(d) solicit or induce, or in any manner attempt to solicit or induce, directly or indirectly, any client, customer, or Prospect (defined below) of the Company or any Related Company (1) to cease being, or not to become, a customer of the Company or any Related Company, or (2) to divert any business of such customer or Prospect from the Company or any Related Company; or(e) otherwise interfere with, disrupt, or attempt to interfere with or disrupt, directly or indirectly, the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between the Company or any Related Company and any of its customers, clients, Prospects, suppliers, vendors, service providers, developers, joint ventures, equity investments or partners, inventors, consultants, employees, agents, or representatives.For purposes of paragraphs 2(d) and 2(e), “Prospect” shall mean any person or entity from whom or which any business was being solicited by Verizon or any Related Company within the most recent 12 month period of your employment.103. Protection of Confidential Information. You shall at all times, including after any termination of your employment with the Company or any Related Company, preserve the confidentiality of all Confidential Information (defined below) of the Company or any Related Company, and you shall not use for the benefit of yourself or any person, other than the Company or a Related Company, or disclose to any person, except and to the extent that disclosure of such information is authorized under applicable laws or regulations (e.g., “whistleblower” laws such as 18 USC 1833(b) described below), any Confidential Information or trade secrets of the Company or any Related Company. “Confidential Information” means any information or data related to the Company or any Related Company, including information entrusted to the Company or a Related Company by others, which has not been fully disclosed to the public by the Company or a Related Company, which is treated as confidential or otherwise protected within the Company or any Related Company or is of value to competitors, such as: trade secrets; strategic or tactical business plans; undisclosed business, operational or financial data; ideas, processes, methods, techniques, systems, models, devices, programs, computer software, or related information; documents relating to regulatory matters or correspondence with governmental entities; information concerning any past, pending, or threatened legal dispute; pricing or cost data; the identity, reports or analyses of business prospects; business transactions (including those that are contemplated or planned); research data; personnel information or data; identities of suppliers to the Company or any Related Company or users or purchasers of the Company’s or Related Company’s products or services; the Agreement to which this Exhibit B is attached; and any other non-public information pertaining to or known by the Company or a Related Company, including confidential or non-public information of a third party that you know or should know the Company or a Related Company is obligated to protect. For the avoidance of doubt, any information that becomes publicly known through no fault of mine shall not be considered “Confidential Information” for purposes of this Agreement after it becomes publicly known. Section 18 USC 1833(b) provides that “An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that—(A) is made—(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.” Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. § 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. § 1833(b).4. Return of Company Property; Ownership of Intellectual Property Rights. You agree that on or before termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any Related Company, you shall return to the Company all property owned by the Company or any Related Company or in which the Company or any Related Company has an interest or to which the Company or any Related Company has any obligation, including any and all files, documents, data, records and any other non-public information (whether on paper or in tapes, disks, memory devices, or other machine-readable form), office equipment, credit cards, and employee identification cards. You acknowledge that the Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company) is the rightful owner of, and you hereby grant and assign, all worldwide right, title and interest in and to any Intellectual Property (defined below) to Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company).You shall at all times, both before and after termination of your employment, cooperate with the Company (or, as applicable, any Related Company) and its representatives in executing and delivering documents requested by the Company or a Related Company, and taking any other actions, that are necessary or requested by the Company or a Related Company to assist the Company or any Related Company in patenting, copyrighting, protecting, registering, or enforcing any Intellectual Property and to vest title thereto solely in the Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company). You irrevocably designate and appoint Verizon, its duly authorized officers and legal counsel, as your agents and attorneys-in-fact authorized to execute and file any document in your name that is necessary to secure, perfect or memorialize the rights of Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company) in Intellectual Property, such power of attorney coupled with the interest conveyed by you in Intellectual Property. You waive any moral rights, artist’s rights or the like you may obtain in any Intellectual Property, or, to the extent such waiver is not permitted by law, hereby agree not to assert any moral rights, artist’s rights or the like to any Intellectual Property against Company, any Related Company, or their assignees or licensees. As used herein, “Intellectual Property” means any of the following created, invented, discovered or developed by you (alone or with others) during the period of your employment by Company or any Related Company: (a) ideas, inventions, designs, models, algorithms and discoveries (whether patentable or not); computer programs, documents, images, works of authorship and other information fixed in tangible media (whether copyrightable or not); trade secrets, know how, models, data and other Confidential Information regarding the business of Company or any Related Company; trademarks, trade dress, designs and other indicia or origin (whether registered or not); and all worldwide intellectual property rights obtained based on the foregoing, including patents, utility models, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights in data, or other intellectual property or neighboring rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Intellectual Property does not include anything developed entirely on your own time without using any equipment, supplies, facilities or confidential information of Company or any Related Company, except that which (i) relates at the time of its conception or reduction to practice to the business of Company or any Related Company or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Company or any Related Company, or (ii) results from any work performed by you for Company or any Related Company.5. Nondisparagement. You agree to take no action that would cause the Company or any Related Company (including its present and former employees and directors) embarrassment or humiliation or otherwise cause or contribute to the Company or any Related Company (including its present and former employees and directors) being held in a negative light or in disrepute by the general public or the Company’s or any Related Company's clients, shareholders, customers, federal or state regulatory agencies, employees, agents, officers, or directors. Nothing in this provision prohibits you from providing truthful testimony as required by law or to a government authority with jurisdiction over the Company or a Related Company in connection with an investigation by that authority, as to a possible violation of applicable law.6. Definitions. Except where clearly provided to the contrary or as otherwise defined in this Exhibit B, all capitalized terms used in this Exhibit B shall have the definitions given to those terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit B is attached.7. Agreement to Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, Confidentiality and Other Obligations. (a)You acknowledge that the geographic boundaries, scope of prohibited activities, and time duration of the restrictions set forth in paragraphs 1 and 2 above are reasonable in nature and are no broader than are necessary to maintain the confidential information, trade secrets and the goodwill of the Company and its Related Companies and to protect the other legitimate business interests of the Company and its Related Companies and are not unduly restrictive on you. In addition, you and the Company agree and intend that the covenants contained in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be deemed to be a series of separate covenants and agreements, one for each and every county or political subdivision of each applicable state of the United States and each country of the world. It is the desire and intent of the parties 11hereto that the provisions of this Exhibit B be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the governing laws and public policies of the State of New Jersey, and to the extent applicable, each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Accordingly, if any provision in this Exhibit B or deemed to be included in this Exhibit B shall be adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision, without any action on the part of the parties hereto, shall be deemed amended to delete or to modify (including, without limitation, a reduction in duration, geographical area or prohibited business activities) the portion adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, such deletion or modification to apply only with respect to the operation of such provision in the particular jurisdiction in which such adjudication is made, and such deletion or modification to be made only to the extent necessary to cause the provision as amended to be valid and enforceable.(b)You shall indicate your agreement to the obligations and restrictions set forth in this Exhibit B in accordance with the instructions provided in the Agreement, and your acceptance of the Agreement shall include your acceptance of such obligations and restrictions. As stated in paragraph 21 of the Agreement, you and Verizon hereby expressly agree that the use of electronic media to indicate confirmation, consent, signature, acceptance, agreement and delivery shall be legally valid and have the same legal force and effect as if you and Verizon executed this Exhibit B in paper form.(c)You acknowledge that you have been advised in writing to, and have had the opportunity to, consult with counsel of your choice concerning the terms and conditions of this Exhibit B and that you have been provided with at least fourteen (14) days to review and consider this Exhibit B prior to accepting it.(d)To ensure compliance with your obligations and restrictions set forth in this Exhibit B, you agree that you will disclose to a designated member of the Company’s Executive Compensation department any contemplated post-employment activity in which you intend to engage during the twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment with the Company or any Related Company for any reason, whether as an employee, owner, advisor and/or any other capacity, prior to you commencing any such post-employment activity. 8. Governing Law and Non-exclusive Forum. The parties expressly agree: (a) that, because the Plan is centrally administered in the State of New Jersey by employees of a Verizon Communications Inc. affiliate, the subject matter of this Exhibit B bears a reasonable relationship to the State of New Jersey; (b) that this Exhibit B is made under, shall be construed in accordance with, and governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New Jersey without giving effect to that jurisdiction’s choice of law rules, except to the extent that the terms of Massachusetts General Laws chapter 149, section 24L, Washington Revised Code chapter 49.62, or Colo. Rev. Stat. § 8-2-113 apply; and (c) the parties consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of New Jersey, and the federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of New Jersey, over any action, claim, controversy or proceeding arising under this Exhibit B, and irrevocably waive any objection they may now or hereafter have to the non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.9. State-Specific Notifications. The following notification is provided to you pursuant to certain state laws regarding invention assignments by employees. (I) FOR ANY TIME DURING WHICH YOU ARE EMPLOYED IN THE STATES OF CALIFORNIA, DELAWARE, ILLINOIS, KANSAS, MINNESOTA, NEW JERSEY, NORTH CAROLINA, UTAH OR WASHINGTON BY VERIZON OR ANY RELATED COMPANY, THIS IS TO NOTIFY you, in accordance with the laws of the aforementioned states, that this Agreement does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Verizon or any Related Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using the equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information of Verizon or a Related Company except for those inventions that either: (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, of Verizon or a Related Company; or (2) Result from any work performed by you for Verizon or a Related Company. (II) You are not required to assign an invention that is excluded from assignment in part (I) to Verizon or a Related Company during the time you are employed in the states noted above. (III) The exclusion of part (I) does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between Verizon or a Related Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States. 12IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date hereof.VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS, INC.:By:____________________ Todd N. Brooks Senior Vice President – Compensation & BenefitsTHE PARTICIPANT: 13 EX-10.B 3 a2023q110-qxex10b.htm EX-10.B DocumentEXHIBIT 10bVERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN2023 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTAGREEMENT between Verizon Communications Inc. (“Verizon” or the “Company”) and you (the “Participant”) and your heirs and beneficiaries.1. Purpose of Agreement. The purpose of this Agreement is to provide a grant of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to the Participant.2. Agreement. This Agreement is entered into pursuant to the 2017 Verizon Communications Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), and evidences the grant of a restricted stock unit award in the form of RSUs pursuant to the Plan. In consideration of the benefits described in this Agreement, which Participant acknowledges are good, valuable and sufficient consideration, the Participant agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement and the Participant’s non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and other obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement, both of which are incorporated into and are a part of the Agreement. The RSUs and this Agreement are subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan. By executing this Agreement, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement. In addition, the Participant agrees to be bound by the actions of the Human Resources Committee of Verizon’s Board of Directors or any successor thereto (the “Committee”), and any designee of the Committee (to the extent that such actions are exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement). If there is a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.3. Contingency. The grant of RSUs is contingent on the Participant’s timely acceptance of this Agreement and satisfaction of the other conditions contained in it. Acceptance shall be through execution of the Agreement as set forth in paragraph 21. If the Participant does not accept this Agreement by the close of business on May 19, 2023, the Participant shall not be entitled to this grant of RSUs regardless of the extent to which the requirements in paragraph 5 (“Vesting”) are satisfied. In addition, to the extent a Participant is on a Company approved leave of absence, including but not limited to short-term disability leave, he or she will not be entitled to this grant of RSUs until such time as he or she returns to work with Verizon or a Related Company (as defined in paragraph 13) and accepts this Agreement within the time period established by the Company. 4. Number of Units. The Participant is granted the number of RSUs as specified in the Participant’s account under the 2023 RSU grant, administered by Fidelity Investments or any successor thereto (“Fidelity”). A RSU is a hypothetical share of Verizon’s common stock. The value of a RSU on any given date shall be equal to the closing price of Verizon’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) as of such date. A Dividend Equivalent Unit (“DEU”) or fraction thereof shall be added to each RSU each time that a dividend is paid on Verizon’s common stock with respect to each dividend record date that occurs after the date of grant and prior to the payment of a RSU. The amount of each DEU shall be equal to the corresponding dividend paid on a share of Verizon’s common stock. The DEU shall be converted into RSUs or fractions thereof based upon the closing price of Verizon’s common stock traded on the NYSE on the dividend payment date of each declared dividend on Verizon’s common stock, and such RSUs or fractions thereof shall be added to the Participant’s RSU balance. DEUs that are credited will be subject to the same vesting, termination and other terms as the RSUs to which they relate. To the extent that Fidelity or the Company makes an error, including but not limited to an administrative error with respect to the number or value of the RSUs granted to the Participant under this Agreement, the DEUs credited to the Participant’s account or the amount of the final award payment, the Company or Fidelity specifically reserves the right to correct such error at any time and the Participant agrees that he or she shall be legally bound by any corrective action taken by the Company or Fidelity.5. Vesting.(a) General. The Participant shall vest in the RSUs as follows: one-third of the total number of RSUs subject to this grant (including DEUs credited with respect to such RSUs) shall vest on March 1, 2024, one-third of the total number of RSUs subject to this grant (including DEUs credited with respect to such RSUs) shall vest on March 1, 2025, and the remaining number of RSUs subject to this grant (including DEUs credited with respect to such RSUs) shall vest on March 1, 2026. The Participant must be continuously employed by the Company or a Related Company (as defined in paragraph 13) from the date the RSUs are granted through each of the applicable vesting dates specified in this paragraph 5(a) as a condition to the vesting of the applicable installment of the RSUs, except as otherwise provided in paragraph 7 (“Early Cancellation/Accelerated Vesting of RSUs”) or as otherwise provided by the Committee. (b) Transfer. Transfer of employment from Verizon to a Related Company, from a Related Company to Verizon, or from one Related Company to another Related Company shall not constitute a separation from employment hereunder, and service with a Related Company shall be treated as service with the Company for purposes of the continuous employment requirement in paragraph 5(a). If the Participant transfers employment pursuant to this paragraph 5(b), the Participant will still be required to satisfy the definition of “Full Retirement” or “Early Retirement” under paragraph 7 of this Agreement in order to be eligible for the accelerated vesting provisions in connection with a “Full Retirement” or “Early Retirement”, as applicable.6. Payment. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in shares of Verizon common stock. Subject to paragraph 7(a) or 7(b), as soon as practicable after the vesting date of the applicable installment of the RSUs specified in paragraph 5(a) (but in no event later than two and one-half months after the applicable vesting date), the number of shares that shall be paid shall equal the number of RSUs that vested on the applicable vesting date (minus shares withheld for taxes). If the Participant dies before any payment due hereunder is made, such payment shall be made to the Participant’s beneficiary, as designated under paragraph 11. Once a payment has been made with respect to a RSU, the RSU shall be cancelled; however, all other terms of the Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, shall remain in effect.7. Early Cancellation/Accelerated Vesting of RSUs. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 5, RSUs may vest or be forfeited before the applicable vesting and payment dates set forth above as follows:(a) Termination for Cause. If the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company is terminated by the Company or a Related Company for Cause (as defined below) at any time prior to the date that the RSUs are paid pursuant to paragraph 6, the RSUs (whether vested or not) shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable termination date without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant. (b) Voluntary Separation On or Before March 1, 2026 for any Reason other than Full Retirement or Early Retirement. If the Participant separates from employment on or before March 1, 2026 for any reason other than as specified in paragraph 7(c) below, all then-unvested RSUs shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable termination date without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant.(c) Full Retirement, Early Retirement, Involuntary Termination Without Cause or Termination Due to Death or Disability.(1) If the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Related Company either (A) by reason of the Participant’s Full Retirement on or after the last business day prior to July 1, 2023 and on or before March 1, 2026, or (B) due to the Participant’s death or Disability (as defined below) on or before March 1, 2026, then: (i) the Participant shall remain entitled to payment (to the extent not theretofore paid) for any RSUs that vested on or before the date of the Participant’s separation from employment; and (ii) the Participant’s then-unvested RSUs shall vest (without prorating the award) without regard to the continuous employment requirement set forth in paragraph 5(a).(2) If the Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Related Company either (A) by reason of the Participant’s Full Retirement before the last business day prior to July 1, 2023, or (B) by reason of the Participant’s Early Retirement, or an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company without Cause on or before March 1, 2026, then: (i) the Participant shall remain entitled to payment (to the extent not theretofore paid) for any RSUs that vested on or before the date of the Participant’s separation from employment; and (ii) if the separation from employment occurs other than on a scheduled vesting date applicable to the RSUs (as such scheduled vesting dates are set forth in paragraph 5(a)), the Participant shall vest in a Pro-Rata Portion (as defined below) of the Participant’s then-unvested RSUs that were (but for such separation from employment) scheduled to vest pursuant to paragraph 5(a) on the first vesting date scheduled to occur after the date of the Participant’s separation from employment (such vesting date, the “Next Scheduled Vesting Date”). For this purpose, “Pro-Rata Portion” means a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of calendar days in the period beginning with the day immediately following the last scheduled vesting date pursuant to paragraph 5(a) to have occurred prior to the date of the Participant’s separation from employment (or, if no such prior vesting date had occurred prior to the date of the Participant’s separation from employment, beginning with the day immediately following the date of grant of the award) through and including the date of the Participant’s separation from employment, and the denominator of which is the total number of calendar days in the period beginning with the day immediately following the last scheduled vesting date pursuant to paragraph 5(a) to have occurred prior to the date of the Participant’s separation from employment (or, if no such prior vesting date had occurred prior to the date of the Participant’s separation from employment, beginning with the day immediately following the date of grant of the award) through and including the Next Scheduled Vesting Date. (3) The accelerated vesting of any RSUs pursuant to paragraph 7(c)(1) or 7(c)(2) is conditioned on (i) the Participant not committing a breach of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement and (ii) the Participant executing, within the time prescribed by Verizon, a separation agreement satisfactory to Verizon, which separation agreement will include, among other terms, a general release waiving any claims the Participant may have against Verizon and any Related Company and non-competition and non-solicitation provisions that are no more restrictive than those contained in Exhibit B (otherwise, paragraph 7(b) shall apply).(4) Any RSUs that vest pursuant to paragraph 7(c)(1) or 7(c)(2) shall be payable as soon as practicable after the vesting date of the applicable installment of the RSUs specified in paragraph 5(a) that would have applied had such RSUs not vested earlier under paragraph 7(c)(1) or 7(c)(2) (but in no event later than two and one-half months after the applicable vesting date set forth in paragraph 5(a)).(d) Change in Control. If a Participant ceases to be employed by the Company or a Related Company due to an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company without Cause within twelve (12) months following the occurrence of a Change in Control of Verizon (as defined in the Plan): (i) the Participant shall remain entitled to payment (to the extent not theretofore paid) for any RSUs that vested on or before the date of the Participant’s separation from employment; and (ii) the Participant’s then-unvested RSUs shall vest (without prorating the award) without regard to the continuous employment requirement set forth in paragraph 5(a); provided, however, that all other terms of the Agreement, including but not limited to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, shall remain in effect. If both paragraph 7(c) and this paragraph 7(d) would otherwise apply in the circumstances, this paragraph 7(d) shall control. Any RSUs that vest pursuant to this paragraph 7(d) shall be payable as soon as practicable after the vesting date of the applicable installment of the RSUs specified in paragraph 5(a) that would have applied had such RSUs not vested earlier under this paragraph (but in no event later than two and one-half months after the applicable vesting date set forth in paragraph 5(a)). (e) Vesting Schedule. Except and to the extent provided in paragraphs 7(c) and (d), nothing in this paragraph 7 shall alter the vesting schedule prescribed by paragraph 5.(f) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:2(1) “Cause” means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) incompetence or negligence in the discharge of, or inattention to or neglect of or failure to perform, the duties and responsibilities assigned to the Participant; fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement; or a material breach of the Verizon Code of Conduct (as in effect at the relevant time) or any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, all as determined by the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee) in her or his discretion, or (ii) commission of any felony of which the Participant is finally adjudged guilty by a court of competent jurisdiction.(2) “Disability” means the total and permanent disability of the Participant as defined by, or determined under, the Company’s long-term disability benefit plan.(3) “Early Retirement” means with respect to a Participant to cease to be employed by the Company or a Related Company at a time that the Participant has attained (i) 55 years of age, but less than 65 years of age, and (ii) 5 or more years of vesting service, but less than 10 years of vesting service. For purposes of this definition, “years of vesting service” is used as defined under the applicable Verizon tax-qualified 401(k) savings plan.(4) “Full Retirement” means with respect to a Participant: (i) to cease to be employed by the Company or a Related Company due to voluntary separation after the Participant has attained at least one of the following: (A) at least 15 years of vesting service and a combination of age and years of vesting service that equals or exceeds 75 points, (B) 65 years of age and 5 years of vesting service, or (C) 55 years of age and 10 years of vesting service; (ii) to cease to be employed by the Company or a Related Company due to an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment by the Company or a Related Company without Cause after the Participant attained at least one of the following: (A) at least 15 years of vesting service and a combination of age and years of vesting service that equals or exceeds 73 points, (B) 65 years of age and 5 years of vesting service, or (C) 55 years of age and 10 years of vesting service; or (iii) retirement of the Participant under any other circumstances determined in writing by the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee), provided that, in any case, the retirement was not occasioned by a discharge for Cause. For purposes of this definition, “years of vesting service” is used as defined under the applicable Verizon tax-qualified 401(k) savings plan. For clarity, a “point” for these purposes means one year of age or one year of vesting service. 8. Shareholder Rights. The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to the RSUs until the date on which the Participant becomes the holder of record with respect to any shares of Verizon common stock to which this grant relates. Except as provided in the Plan or in this Agreement, no adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date occurs while the RSUs are outstanding.9. Amendment of Agreement. Except to the extent required by law or specifically contemplated under this Agreement, neither the Committee nor the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee) may, without the written consent of the Participant, change any term, condition or provision affecting the RSUs if the change would have a material adverse effect upon the RSUs or the Participant’s rights thereto. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall preclude the Committee or the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee) from exercising administrative discretion with respect to the Plan or this Agreement, and the exercise of such discretion shall be final, conclusive and binding. This discretion includes, but is not limited to, corrections of any errors, including but not limited to any administrative errors, and determining whether the Participant has been discharged for Cause, has a Disability, has attained Full Retirement or Early Retirement, has breached any of the Participant’s obligations or restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement or has satisfied the requirements for vesting and payment under paragraphs 5 and 7 of this Agreement.10. Assignment. The RSUs shall not be assigned, pledged or transferred except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 11. Beneficiary. The Participant shall designate a beneficiary in writing and in such manner as is acceptable to the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee). Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by the Participant with respect to the Participant’s benefits under the Plan and shall be effective only when filed by the Participant with the Company during the Participant’s lifetime. If the Participant fails to so designate a beneficiary, or if no such designated beneficiary survives the Participant, the Participant’s beneficiary shall be the Participant’s estate.12. Other Plans and Agreements. Any payment received by the Participant pursuant to this Agreement shall not be taken into account as compensation in the determination of the Participant’s benefits under any pension, savings, life insurance, severance or other benefit plan maintained by Verizon or a Related Company. The Participant acknowledges that this Agreement or any prior RSU agreement shall not entitle the Participant to any other benefits under the Plan or any other plans maintained by the Company or a Related Company.13. Company and Related Company. For purposes of this Agreement, “Company” means Verizon Communications Inc. “Related Company” means (a) any corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other entity in which Verizon Communications Inc. holds a direct or indirect ownership or proprietary interest of 50 percent or more at any time during the term of this Agreement, or (b) any corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other entity in which Verizon Communications Inc. holds a direct or indirect ownership or other proprietary interest of less than 50 percent at any time during the term of this Agreement but which, in the discretion of the Committee, is treated as a Related Company for purposes of this Agreement.14. Employment Status. The grant of the RSUs shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment for a particular term between the Company or a Related Company and the Participant, nor shall it constitute a right to remain in the employ of any such Company or Related Company. In addition, acceptance of this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a condition of continuing employment.315. Withholding. The Participant acknowledges that he or she shall be responsible for any taxes that arise in connection with this grant of RSUs, and the Company shall make such arrangements as it deems necessary for withholding of any taxes it determines are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.16. Securities Laws. The Company shall not be required to make payment with respect to any shares of common stock prior to the admission of such shares to listing on any stock exchange on which the stock may then be listed and the completion of any registration or qualification of such shares under any federal or state law or rulings or regulations of any government body that the Company, in its discretion, determines to be necessary or advisable.17. Committee Authority. The Committee shall have complete discretion in the exercise of its rights, powers, and duties under this Agreement. Any interpretation or construction of any provision of, and the determination of any question arising under, this Agreement shall be made by the Committee in its discretion, as described in paragraph 9. The Committee and the Audit Committee of Verizon’s Board of Directors may designate any individual or individuals to perform any of its functions hereunder and utilize experts to assist in carrying out their duties hereunder.18. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, any successor or successors of the Company and the person or entity to whom the RSUs may have been transferred by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or beneficiary designation. All terms and conditions of this Agreement imposed upon the Participant shall, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, be deemed, in the event of the Participant’s death, to refer to and be binding upon the Participant’s heirs and beneficiaries. 19. Construction. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be considered separate and apart from the remainder of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that any provision, including any of the Participant’s obligations or restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, is held to be unenforceable for being unduly broad as written, such provision shall be deemed amended to narrow its application to the extent necessary to make the provision enforceable according to applicable law and shall be enforced as amended. The RSUs are intended to not be subject to any tax, interest or penalty under Section 409A of the Code, and this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with such intent.20. Defined Terms. Except where the context clearly indicates otherwise, all capitalized terms used herein shall have the definitions ascribed to them by the Plan, and the terms of the Plan shall apply where appropriate.21. Execution of Agreement. The Participant shall indicate his or her consent and acknowledgment to the terms of this Agreement (including the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement) and the Plan by executing this Agreement pursuant to the instructions provided and otherwise shall comply with the requirements of paragraph 3. In addition, by consenting to the terms of this Agreement and the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, the Participant expressly agrees and acknowledges that Fidelity may deliver all documents, statements and notices associated with the Plan and this Agreement to the Participant in electronic form. The Participant and Verizon hereby expressly agree that the use of electronic media to indicate confirmation, consent, signature, acceptance, agreement and delivery shall be legally valid and have the same legal force and effect as if the Participant and Verizon executed this Agreement (including the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement) in paper form.22. Confidentiality. Except to the extent otherwise required by law, the Participant shall not disclose, in whole or in part, any of the terms of this Agreement. This paragraph 22 does not prevent the Participant from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Participant’s spouse or beneficiary or to the Participant’s legal, tax, or financial adviser, provided that the Participant take all reasonable measures to assure that the individual to whom disclosure is made does not disclose the terms of this Agreement to a third party except as otherwise required by law.23. Applicable Law. Except as expressly provided in Exhibit B, the validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.24. Notice. Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon at One Verizon Way, Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920 and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the payroll of the Company, or to such other address as the Participant may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by hand, sent by telecopy, sent by overnight carrier, or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 25. Dispute Resolution.(a) General. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 26 below, all disputes arising under or related to the Plan or this Agreement and all claims in which a Participant seeks damages or other relief that relate in any way to RSUs or other benefits of the Plan are subject to the dispute resolution procedure described below in this paragraph 25.(i) For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Units Award Dispute” shall mean any claim against the Company or a Related Company, other than Units Damages Disputes described in paragraph (a)(ii) below, regarding (A) the interpretation of the Plan or this Agreement, (B) any of the terms or conditions of the RSUs issued under this Agreement, or (C) allegations of entitlement to RSUs or additional RSUs, or any other benefits, under the Plan or this Agreement; provided, however, that any dispute relating to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement or to the forfeiture of an award as a result of a breach of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement shall not be subject to the dispute resolution procedures provided for in this paragraph 25. 4(ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Units Damages Dispute” shall mean any claims between the Participant and the Company or a Related Company (or against the past or present directors, officers, employees, representatives, or agents of the Company or a Related Company, whether acting in their capacity as such or otherwise), that are related in any way to the Participant’s employment or former employment, including claims of alleged employment discrimination, wrongful termination, or violations of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 42 U.S.C. § 1981, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any other U.S. federal, state or local law, statute, regulation, or ordinance relating to employment or any common law theories of recovery relating to employment, such as breach of contract, tort, or public policy claims, in which the damages or other relief sought relate in any way to RSUs or other benefits of the Plan or this Agreement.(b) Internal Dispute Resolution Procedure. All Units Award Disputes, and all Units Damages Dispute alleging breach of contract, tort, or public policy claims with respect to the Plan or this Agreement (collectively, “Plan Disputes”), shall be referred in the first instance to the Verizon Employee Benefits Committee (“EB Committee”) for resolution internally within Verizon. Except where otherwise prohibited by law, all Plan Disputes must be filed in writing with the EB Committee no later than one year from the date that the dispute accrues. Consistent with paragraph 25(c)(i) of this Agreement, all decisions relating to the enforceability of the limitations period contained herein shall be made by the arbitrator. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the EB Committee shall have full power, discretion, and authority to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to decide all Plan Disputes brought under this Plan and Agreement. Determinations made by the EB Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding, subject only to review by arbitration pursuant to paragraph (c) below under the arbitrary and capricious standard of review. A Participant’s failure to refer a Plan Dispute to the EB Committee for resolution will in no way impair the Company’s right to compel arbitration or the enforceability of the waiver in paragraph 25(c)(ii).(c) Arbitration. All appeals from determinations by the EB Committee as described in paragraph (b) above, and any Units Damages Dispute, shall be fully and finally settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) on an individual basis (and not on a collective or class action basis) before a single arbitrator pursuant to the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules in effect at the time any such arbitration is initiated. Any such arbitration must be initiated in writing pursuant to the aforesaid rules of the AAA no later than one year from the date that the claim accrues, except where a longer limitations period is required by applicable law. However, a Participant’s failure to initiate arbitration within one year will in no way impair the Company’s right, exercised at its discretion, to compel arbitration or the enforceability of the waiver in paragraph 25(c)(ii). Decisions about the applicability of the limitations period contained herein shall be made by the arbitrator. A copy of the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules may be obtained from Human Resources. The Participant agrees that the arbitration shall be held at the office of the AAA nearest the place of the Participant’s most recent employment by the Company or a Related Company, unless the parties agree in writing to a different location. All claims by the Company or a Related Company against the Participant, except for breaches of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, may also be raised in such arbitration proceedings. (i) The arbitrator shall have the authority to determine whether any dispute submitted for arbitration hereunder is arbitrable. The arbitrator shall decide all issues submitted for arbitration according to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement (except for breaches of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement), existing Company policy, and applicable substantive Delaware State and U.S. federal law and shall have the authority to award any remedy or relief permitted by such laws. The final decision of the EB Committee with respect to a Plan Dispute shall be upheld unless such decision was arbitrary or capricious. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive, not subject to appeal, and binding and enforceable in any applicable court.(ii) The Participant understands and agrees that, pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to Units Award Disputes and Units Damages Disputes, both the Participant and the Company or a Related Company waive any right to sue each other in a court of law or equity, to have a trial by jury, or to resolve disputes on a collective, or class, basis (except for breaches of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement), and that the sole forum available for the resolution of Units Award Disputes and Units Damages Disputes is arbitration as provided in this paragraph 25. If an arbitrator or court finds that the arbitration provisions of this Agreement are not enforceable, both Participant and the Company or a Related Company understand and agree to waive their right to trial by jury of any Units Award Dispute or Units Damages Dispute. This dispute resolution procedure shall not prevent either the Participant or the Company or a Related Company from commencing an action in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of obtaining injunctive relief to prevent irreparable harm pending and in aid of arbitration hereunder; in such event, both the Participant and the Company or a Related Company agree that the party who commences the action may proceed without necessity of posting a bond.(iii) In consideration of the Participant’s agreement in paragraph (ii) above, the Company or a Related Company will pay all filing, administrative and arbitrator’s fees incurred in connection with the arbitration proceedings. If the AAA requires the Participant to pay the initial filing fee, the Company or a Related Company will reimburse the Participant for that fee. All other fees incurred in connection with the arbitration proceedings, including but not limited to each party’s attorney’s fees, will be the responsibility of such party.(iv) The parties intend that the arbitration procedure to which they hereby agree shall be the exclusive means for resolving all Units Award Disputes and Units Damages Disputes (subject to the mandatory EB Committee procedure provided for in paragraph 25(b) above). Their agreement in this regard shall be interpreted as broadly and inclusively as reason permits to realize that intent.(v) The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) shall govern the enforceability of this paragraph 25. If for any reason the FAA is held not to apply, or if application of the FAA requires consideration of state law in any dispute arising under this Agreement or subject to this dispute resolution provision, the laws of the State of Delaware shall apply without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.5(vi) To the extent an arbitrator determines that the Participant was not terminated for Cause and is entitled to the RSUs or any other benefits under the Plan pursuant to the provisions applicable to an involuntary termination without Cause, the Participant’s obligation to execute a separation agreement satisfactory to Verizon as provided under paragraph 7(c)(3) shall remain applicable in order to receive the benefit of any RSUs pursuant to this Agreement.26. Additional Remedies. Notwithstanding the dispute resolution procedures, including arbitration, of paragraph 25 of this Agreement, and in addition to any other rights or remedies, whether legal, equitable, or otherwise, that each of the parties to this Agreement may have (including the right of the Company to terminate the Participant for Cause or to involuntarily terminate the Participant without Cause), the Participant acknowledges that—(a) The Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement are essential to the continued goodwill and profitability of the Company and any Related Company;(b) The Participant has broad-based skills that will serve as the basis for other employment opportunities that are not prohibited by the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement;(c) When the Participant’s employment with the Company or any Related Company terminates, the Participant shall be able to earn a livelihood without violating any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement;(d) Irreparable damage to the Company or any Related Company shall result in the event that the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement are not specifically enforced and that monetary damages will not adequately protect the Company and any Related Company from a breach of any of such Participant obligations and restrictions;(e) If any dispute arises concerning the violation or anticipated or threatened violation by the Participant of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A or B to this Agreement, an injunction may be issued restraining such violation pending the determination of such controversy, and no bond or other security shall be required in connection therewith;(f) The Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement shall continue to apply after any expiration, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement; (g) The Participant’s breach of any of the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, including, for example, any breach of the Participant’s non-competition, non-solicitation or confidentiality restrictions, shall result in the Participant’s immediate forfeiture of all rights and benefits, including all RSUs and DEUs, under this Agreement; and (h) All disputes relating to the Participant’s obligations and restrictions set forth in Exhibits A and B to this Agreement, including their interpretation and enforceability and any damages (including but not limited to damages resulting in the forfeiture of an award or benefits under this Agreement) that may result from the breach of such Participant obligations and restrictions shall not be subject to the dispute resolution procedures, including arbitration, of paragraph 25 of this Agreement, but shall instead be determined in a court of competent jurisdiction.6As part of the Agreement to which this Exhibit A is attached, you, the Participant, agree to the following obligations:1. Effect of a Material Restatement of Financial Results; Recoupment; Company Policies Regarding Securities Transactions.(a) General. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that, with respect to all RSUs granted to you on or after January 1, 2007 and all short-term incentive awards made to you on or after January 1, 2007, to the extent the Company or any Related Company is required to materially restate any financial results based upon your willful misconduct or gross negligence while employed by the Company or any Related Company (and where such restatement would have resulted in a lower payment being made to you), you will be required to repay all previously paid or deferred (i) RSUs and (ii) short-term incentive awards that were provided to you during the performance periods that are the subject of the restated financial results, plus a reasonable rate of interest. For purposes of this paragraph, “willful misconduct” and “gross negligence” shall be as determined by the Committee. The Audit Committee of the Verizon Board of Directors shall determine whether a material restatement of financial results has occurred. If you do not repay the entire amount required under this paragraph, the Company may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, offset your obligation to repay against any source of income available to it, including but not limited to any money you may have in your nonqualified deferral accounts. (b) Requirements of Recoupment Policy or Applicable Law. The repayment rights contained in paragraph 1(a) of Exhibit A shall be in addition to, and shall not limit, any other rights or remedies that the Company may have under law or in equity, including, without limitation, (i) any right that the Company may have under any Company recoupment policy that may apply to you, or (ii) any right or obligation that the Company may have regarding the clawback of “incentive-based compensation” under Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (as determined by the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) or under any other applicable law. By accepting this award of RSUs, you agree and consent to the Company’s application, implementation and enforcement of any such Company recoupment policy (as it may be in effect from time to time) that may apply to you and any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation and expressly agree that the Company may take such actions as are permitted under any such policy (as applicable to you) or applicable law, such as the cancellation of RSUs and repayment of amounts previously paid or deferred with respect to any previously granted RSUs or short-term incentive awards, without further consent or action being required by you.(c) Company Policies Regarding Securities Transactions. By accepting this award of RSUs, you agree to comply with all Company policies regarding trading in securities or derivative securities (including, without limitation, the Company’s policies prohibiting trading on material inside information regarding the Company or any business with which the Company does business, the Company’s policies prohibiting engaging in financial transactions that would allow you to benefit from a devaluation of the Company’s securities, and any additional policy that the Company may adopt prohibiting you from hedging your economic exposure to the Company’s securities), as such policies are in effect from time to time and for as long as such policies are applicable to you. 2. Definitions. Except where clearly provided to the contrary or as otherwise defined in this Exhibit A, all capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A shall have the definitions given to those terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit A is attached.3. Agreement to Participant’s Obligations. You shall indicate your agreement to the obligations and restrictions set forth in this Exhibit A in accordance with the instructions provided in the Agreement, and your acceptance of the Agreement shall include your acceptance of such obligations and restrictions. As stated in paragraph 21 of the Agreement, you and Verizon hereby expressly agree that the use of electronic media to indicate confirmation, consent, signature, acceptance, agreement and delivery shall be legally valid and have the same legal force and effect as if you and Verizon executed this Exhibit A in paper form.7As part of the Agreement to which this Exhibit B is attached, and in consideration for the grant of RSUs under the Agreement, you (the Participant) and the Company or any Related Company which employs or employed you, agree to the following obligations:1. Non-competition. (a) Prohibited Conduct. During the period of your employment with the Company or any Related Company, and for a period ending twelve (12) months following a termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any Related Company, you shall not, without the prior written consent of the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee):(1) personally engage in Competitive Activities (as defined below); or(2) work for, own, manage, operate, control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or provide consulting or advisory services to, any person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, or any company or person affiliated with such person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities; provided that your purchase or holding, for investment purposes, of securities of a publicly traded company shall not constitute “ownership” or “participation in the ownership” for purposes of this paragraph so long as your equity interest in any such company is less than a controlling interest; provided that this paragraph (a) shall not prohibit you from (i) being employed by, or providing services to, a consulting firm, provided that you do not personally engage in Competitive Activities or provide consulting or advisory services to any person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, or any person or entity affiliated with such person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, or (ii) engaging in the practice of law as an in-house counsel, sole practitioner or as a partner in (or as an employee of or counsel to) a corporation or law firm in accordance with applicable legal and professional standards. Exception (ii), however, does not apply to you engaging in Competitive Activities or providing services to any person, partnership, firm, corporation, institution or other entity engaged in Competitive Activities, wherein such engagement or services being provided are not primarily the practice of law.(b) Competitive Activities. For purposes of the Agreement, to which this Exhibit B is attached,“Competitive Activities” means any activities relating to products or services of the same or similar type as the products or services (1) which were or are sold (or, pursuant to an existing business plan, will be sold) to paying customers of the Company or any Related Company, and (2) for which you have any direct or indirect responsibility or any involvement to plan, develop, manage, market, sell, oversee, support, implement or perform, or had any such responsibility or involvement within your most recent 24 months of employment with the Company or any Related Company. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, an activity shall not be treated as a Competitive Activity if the geographic marketing area of such same or similar products or services does not overlap with the geographic marketing area for the applicable products and services of the Company or any Related Company.2. Interference With Business Relations. During the period of your employment with the Company or any Related Company, and for a period ending twelve (12) months following a termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any Related Company, you shall not, without the prior written consent of the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Verizon (or her or his designee):(a) recruit, induce or solicit, directly or indirectly, any employee of the Company or Related Company who was employed by the Company or any Related Company prior to or as of your termination date and whom you worked with or had contact with, or had confidential information about, while employed by the Company or any Related Company for employment or for retention as a consultant or service provider to any person or entity;(b) hire or participate (with another person or entity) in the process of recruiting, soliciting or hiring, directly or indirectly, any person who is then an employee of the Company or any Related Company whom you worked with or had contact with, or had confidential information about, while employed by the Company or any Related Company, or provide, directly or indirectly, names or other information about any employees of the Company or Related Company whom you worked with or had contact with, or had confidential information about, while employed by the Company or any Related Company to any person or entity under circumstances that could lead to the use of any such information for purposes of recruiting, soliciting or hiring any such employee for any person or entity;(c) interfere, or attempt to interfere, directly or indirectly, with any relationship of the Company or any Related Company with any of its employees, agents, or representatives;(d) solicit or induce, or in any manner attempt to solicit or induce, directly or indirectly, any client, customer, or Prospect (defined below) of the Company or any Related Company (1) to cease being, or not to become, a customer of the Company or any Related Company, or (2) to divert any business of such customer or Prospect from the Company or any Related Company; or(e) otherwise interfere with, disrupt, or attempt to interfere with or disrupt, directly or indirectly, the relationship, contractual or otherwise, between the Company or any Related Company and any of its customers, clients, Prospects, suppliers, vendors, service providers, developers, joint ventures, equity investments or partners, inventors, consultants, employees, agents, or representatives. For purposes of paragraphs 2(d) and 2(e), “Prospect” shall mean any person or entity from whom or which any business was being solicited by Verizon or any Related Company within the most recent 12 month period of your employment.83. Protection of Confidential Information. You shall at all times, including after any termination of your employment with the Company or any Related Company, preserve the confidentiality of all Confidential Information (defined below) of the Company or any Related Company, and you shall not use for the benefit of yourself or any person, other than the Company or a Related Company, or disclose to any person, except and to the extent that disclosure of such information is authorized under applicable laws or regulations (e.g., “whistleblower” laws such as 18 USC 1833(b) described below), any Confidential Information or trade secrets of the Company or any Related Company. “Confidential Information” means any information or data related to the Company or any Related Company, including information entrusted to the Company or a Related Company by others, which has not been fully disclosed to the public by the Company or a Related Company, which is treated as confidential or otherwise protected within the Company or any Related Company or is of value to competitors, such as: trade secrets; strategic or tactical business plans; undisclosed business, operational or financial data; ideas, processes, methods, techniques, systems, models, devices, programs, computer software, or related information; documents relating to regulatory matters or correspondence with governmental entities; information concerning any past, pending, or threatened legal dispute; pricing or cost data; the identity, reports or analyses of business prospects; business transactions (including those that are contemplated or planned); research data; personnel information or data; identities of suppliers to the Company or any Related Company or users or purchasers of the Company’s or Related Company’s products or services; the Agreement to which this Exhibit B is attached; and any other non-public information pertaining to or known by the Company or a Related Company, including confidential or non-public information of a third party that you know or should know the Company or a Related Company is obligated to protect. For the avoidance of doubt, any information that becomes publicly known through no fault of mine shall not be considered “Confidential Information” for purposes of this Agreement after it becomes publicly known. Section 18 USC 1833(b) provides that “An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that—(A) is made—(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.” Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. § 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. § 1833(b).4. Return of Company Property; Ownership of Intellectual Property Rights. You agree that on or before termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any Related Company, you shall return to the Company all property owned by the Company or any Related Company or in which the Company or any Related Company has an interest or to which the Company or any Related Company has any obligation, including any and all files, documents, data, records and any other non-public information (whether on paper or in tapes, disks, memory devices, or other machine-readable form), office equipment, credit cards, and employee identification cards. You acknowledge that the Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company) is the rightful owner of, and you hereby grant and assign, all worldwide right, title and interest in and to any Intellectual Property (defined below) to Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company).You shall at all times, both before and after termination of your employment, cooperate with the Company (or, as applicable, any Related Company) and its representatives in executing and delivering documents requested by the Company or a Related Company, and taking any other actions, that are necessary or requested by the Company or a Related Company to assist the Company or any Related Company in patenting, copyrighting, protecting, registering, or enforcing any Intellectual Property and to vest title thereto solely in the Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company). You irrevocably designate and appoint Verizon, its duly authorized officers and legal counsel, as your agents and attorneys-in-fact authorized to execute and file any document in your name that is necessary to secure, perfect or memorialize the rights of Company (or, as applicable, a Related Company) in Intellectual Property, such power of attorney coupled with the interest conveyed by you in Intellectual Property. You waive any moral rights, artist’s rights or the like you may obtain in any Intellectual Property, or, to the extent such waiver is not permitted by law, hereby agree not to assert any moral rights, artist’s rights or the like to any Intellectual Property against Company, any Related Company, or their assignees or licensees. As used herein, “Intellectual Property” means any of the following created, invented, discovered or developed by you (alone or with others) during the period of your employment by Company or any Related Company: (a) ideas, inventions, designs, models, algorithms and discoveries (whether patentable or not); computer programs, documents, images, works of authorship and other information fixed in tangible media (whether copyrightable or not); trade secrets, know how, models, data and other Confidential Information regarding the business of Company or any Related Company; trademarks, trade dress, designs and other indicia or origin (whether registered or not); and all worldwide intellectual property rights obtained based on the foregoing, including patents, utility models, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights in data, or other intellectual property or neighboring rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Intellectual Property does not include anything developed entirely on your own time without using any equipment, supplies, facilities or confidential information of Company or any Related Company, except that which (i) relates at the time of its conception or reduction to practice to the business of Company or any Related Company or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Company or any Related Company, or (ii) results from any work performed by you for Company or any Related Company.5. Nondisparagement. You agree to take no action that would cause the Company or any Related Company (including its present and former employees and directors) embarrassment or humiliation or otherwise cause or contribute to the Company or any Related Company (including its present and former employees and directors) being held in a negative light or in disrepute by the general public or the Company’s or any Related Company's clients, shareholders, customers, federal or state regulatory agencies, employees, agents, officers, or directors. Nothing in this provision prohibits you from providing truthful testimony as required by law or to a government authority with jurisdiction over the Company or a Related Company in connection with an investigation by that authority, as to a possible violation of applicable law.6. Definitions. Except where clearly provided to the contrary or as otherwise defined in this Exhibit B, all capitalized terms used in this Exhibit B shall have the definitions given to those terms in the Agreement to which this Exhibit B is attached.7. Agreement to Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, Confidentiality and Other Obligations. (a)You acknowledge that the geographic boundaries, scope of prohibited activities, and time duration of the restrictions set forth in paragraphs 1 and 2 above are reasonable in nature and are no broader than are necessary to maintain the confidential information, trade secrets and the goodwill of the Company and its Related Companies and to protect the other legitimate business interests of the Company and its Related Companies and are not unduly restrictive on you. In addition, you and the Company agree and intend that the covenants contained in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be deemed to be a series of separate covenants and agreements, one for each and every county or political subdivision of each applicable state of the United States and each country of the world. It is the desire and intent of the parties 9hereto that the provisions of this Exhibit B be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the governing laws and public policies of the State of New Jersey, and to the extent applicable, each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Accordingly, if any provision in this Exhibit B or deemed to be included in this Exhibit B shall be adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision, without any action on the part of the parties hereto, shall be deemed amended to delete or to modify (including, without limitation, a reduction in duration, geographical area or prohibited business activities) the portion adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, such deletion or modification to apply only with respect to the operation of such provision in the particular jurisdiction in which such adjudication is made, and such deletion or modification to be made only to the extent necessary to cause the provision as amended to be valid and enforceable.(b)You shall indicate your agreement to the obligations and restrictions set forth in this Exhibit B in accordance with the instructions provided in the Agreement, and your acceptance of the Agreement shall include your acceptance of such obligations and restrictions. As stated in paragraph 21 of the Agreement, you and Verizon hereby expressly agree that the use of electronic media to indicate confirmation, consent, signature, acceptance, agreement and delivery shall be legally valid and have the same legal force and effect as if you and Verizon executed this Exhibit B in paper form.(c)You acknowledge that you have been advised in writing to, and have had the opportunity to, consult with counsel of your choice concerning the terms and conditions of this Exhibit B and that you have been provided with at least fourteen (14) days to review and consider this Exhibit B prior to accepting it.(d)To ensure compliance with your obligations and restrictions set forth in this Exhibit B, you agree that you will disclose to a designated member of the Company’s Executive Compensation department any contemplated post-employment activity in which you intend to engage during the twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment with the Company or any Related Company for any reason, whether as an employee, owner, advisor and/or any other capacity, prior to you commencing any such post-employment activity. 8. Governing Law and Non-exclusive Forum. The parties expressly agree: (a) that, because the Plan is centrally administered in the State of New Jersey by employees of a Verizon Communications Inc. affiliate, the subject matter of this Exhibit B bears a reasonable relationship to the State of New Jersey; (b) that this Exhibit B is made under, shall be construed in accordance with, and governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New Jersey without giving effect to that jurisdiction’s choice of law rules, except to the extent that the terms of Massachusetts General Laws chapter 149, section 24L, Washington Revised Code chapter 49.62, or Colo. Rev. Stat. § 8-2-113 apply; and (c) the parties consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of New Jersey, and the federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of New Jersey, over any action, claim, controversy or proceeding arising under this Exhibit B, and irrevocably waive any objection they may now or hereafter have to the non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.9. State-Specific Notifications. The following notification is provided to you pursuant to certain state laws regarding invention assignments by employees. (I) FOR ANY TIME DURING WHICH YOU ARE EMPLOYED IN THE STATES OF CALIFORNIA, DELAWARE, ILLINOIS, KANSAS, MINNESOTA, NEW JERSEY, NORTH CAROLINA, UTAH OR WASHINGTON BY VERIZON OR ANY RELATED COMPANY, THIS IS TO NOTIFY you, in accordance with the laws of the aforementioned states, that this Agreement does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Verizon or any Related Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using the equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information of Verizon or a Related Company except for those inventions that either: (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, of Verizon or a Related Company; or (2) Result from any work performed by you for Verizon or a Related Company. (II) You are not required to assign an invention that is excluded from assignment in part (I) to Verizon or a Related Company during the time you are employed in the states noted above. (III) The exclusion of part (I) does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between Verizon or a Related Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States.10IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date hereof.VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS, INC.:By: __________________________ Todd N. Brooks Senior Vice President – Compensation & BenefitsTHE PARTICIPANT: 11 EX-31.1 4 a2023q110-qxex311.htm EX-31.1 DocumentEXHIBIT 31.1I, Hans E. Vestberg, certify that:1.I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verizon Communications Inc.;2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;4.The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:(a)Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;(b)Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and5.The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):(a)All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and(b)Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. EX-31.2 5 a2023q110-qxex312.htm EX-31.2 DocumentEXHIBIT 31.2I, Matthew D. Ellis, certify that:1.I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verizon Communications Inc.;2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;4.The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:(a)Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;(b)Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and(d)Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and5.The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):(a)All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and(b)Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. EX-32.1 6 a2023q110-qxex321.htm EX-32.1 DocumentEXHIBIT 32.1CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODEI, Hans E. Vestberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company), certify that:(1)the report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act); and(2)the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods referred to in the Report. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Verizon Communications Inc. and will be retained by Verizon Communications Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. EX-32.2 7 a2023q110-qxex322.htm EX-32.2 DocumentEXHIBIT 32.2CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODEI, Matthew D. Ellis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company), certify that:(1)the report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act); and(2)the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods referred to in the Report. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Verizon Communications Inc. and will be retained by Verizon Communications Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. EX-101.SCH 8 vz-20230331.xsd XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 0000001 - Document - Cover link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000002 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000003 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000004 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000005 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000006 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000007 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000008 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000009 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000010 - Disclosure - Acquisitions and Divestitures link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000011 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000012 - Disclosure - Debt link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000013 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000014 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000015 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000016 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000017 - Disclosure - Segment Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000018 - Disclosure - Additional Financial Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000019 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000020 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation (Policies) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000021 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000022 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000023 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000024 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000025 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan and Wireless Service Receivables (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000026 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000027 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000028 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000029 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000030 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation - Earnings Per Common Share (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000031 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation - Schedule of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000032 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Additional Information (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000033 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Revenue Performance Obligations (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000033 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Revenue Performance Obligations (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000034 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Receivables from Contracts with Customers (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000035 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000036 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Cost Incurred to Obtain or Fulfill Contracts with Customers (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000037 - Disclosure - Acquisitions and Divestitures - Acquisitions (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000038 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000039 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000040 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Changes in Carrying Value of Goodwill (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000041 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000042 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Estimated Future Amortization Expense (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000043 - Disclosure - Debt - Repayments, Redemptions and Repurchases (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000044 - Disclosure - Debt - Short-Term Borrowings and Commercial Paper Program (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000045 - Disclosure - Debt - Asset-Backed Debt Narrative (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000046 - Disclosure - Debt - ABS Financing Facilities (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000047 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of ABS Notes Transactions (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000048 - Disclosure - Debt - Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000049 - Disclosure - Debt - Credit Facilities, Non-Cash Transaction, Guarantees (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000050 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Receivables (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000051 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Additional Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000052 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000052 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000053 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Credit Quality Indicators (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000054 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Allowance for Credit Losses (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000055 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Balance and Aging of Receivables (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000056 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000057 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Additional Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000058 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Debt Excluding Capital Leases (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000059 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000060 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Designated Derivative Activity (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000061 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value Hedges (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000062 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000063 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits - Costs by Plans (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000064 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits - Additional Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000065 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Components of Total equity (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000066 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Additional Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000067 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in AOCI (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000068 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Additional Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000069 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Operating Financial Information (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000070 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Reconciliation of Operating Revenues (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000071 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Reconciliation of Segments Operating Income to Consolidated Income (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000072 - Disclosure - Additional Financial Information (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0000073 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Detail) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink EX-101.CAL 9 vz-20230331_cal.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101.DEF 10 vz-20230331_def.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101.LAB 11 vz-20230331_lab.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT Corporate and other Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member] Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member] Business Acquisition [Axis] Business Acquisition [Axis] Amounts reclassified to net income Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, Current Period, Net of Tax Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table Text Block] Net Income Net Income Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Provision for expected credit losses Accounts Receivable, Credit Loss Expense (Reversal) Variable Interest Entity, Primary Beneficiary Variable Interest Entity, Primary Beneficiary [Member] Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Schedule of Changes in Components of Total Equity Schedule of Stockholders Equity [Table Text Block] Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost Financing Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss, by Origination Year [Abstract] Debt Instrument [Axis] Debt Instrument [Axis] Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block] Property, plant and equipment Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Long-term debt maturing within one year Long-Term Debt and Lease Obligation, Current Maximum borrowing capacity Facility Capacity Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity Debt instrument fair value Debt Instrument, Fair Value Disclosure Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract] Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract] The Nasdaq Global Select Market NASDAQ/NGS (GLOBAL SELECT MARKET) [Member] Wireless Service, Option One Wireless Service, Device Payment Plans [Member] Wireless Service, Device Payment Plans Additional paid in capital Additional Paid in Capital Fair Value Measurement [Domain] Fair Value Measurement [Domain] Financial Instruments [Domain] Financial Instruments [Domain] Financial Asset, Aging [Domain] Financial Asset, Aging [Domain] Proceeds from long-term borrowings Proceeds From Issuance Of Long-term Debt, Excluding Asset-backed Debt Proceeds From Issuance Of Long-term Debt, Excluding Asset-backed Debt Other, net Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities Statistical Measurement [Domain] Statistical Measurement [Domain] Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table] Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table] Class of Financing Receivable [Domain] Class of Financing Receivable [Domain] Short-term Debt, Type [Axis] Short-Term Debt, Type [Axis] Stated interest rate on debt instrument Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage Supplier finance program, obligation outstanding Supplier Finance Program, Obligation, Current Supplier Finance Program, Obligation, Current 2022 ABS Financing Facility 2022 ABS Financing Facility [Member] 2022 ABS Financing Facility Network Equipment Network Equipment [Member] Network Equipment [Member] Total Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) Wireless postpaid contracts Wireless Postpaid Contracts [Member] Wireless Postpaid Contracts [Member] Amount Paid Repayments of debt Repayments of Debt 0.750% Notes due 2032 0.750% Notes Due 2032 [Member] 0.750% Notes Due 2032 2023 Financing Receivable, Year One, Originated, Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Financing Receivable, Year One, Originated, Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost Receivable with Imputed Interest, Net Amount Gross write-offs Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, By Origination Year , Writeoff [Abstract] Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, By Origination Year , Writeoff Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Table] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Table] Net income attributable to Verizon Net income attributable to Verizon Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent Derivative asset fair value of collateral Derivative Asset, Fair Value of Collateral Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable, net Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Assets and Associated Liabilities of Transfers Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Line Items] Assets and Associated Liabilities of Transfers Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Line Items] Other Other Intangible Assets [Member] Secured debt, carrying value Secured Debt Amortization of prior service cost (credit) Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 2022 Financing Receivable, Year Two, Originated, Fiscal Year before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Financing Receivable, Year Two, Originated, Fiscal Year before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Accounts receivable Accounts Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Equity Component [Domain] Equity Component [Domain] Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Interest Expense Interest Expense [Member] Secured Debt Secured Debt [Member] Scenario [Axis] Scenario [Axis] Unrealized loss on fair value hedges, net of tax of $103 and $0 Unrealized loss on fair value hedges Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), after Adjustments and Tax Total Assets, Fair Value Disclosure 2.500% Notes due 2031 2.500% Notes Due 2031 [Member] 2.500% Notes Due 2031 [Member] Principal amount outstanding in connection with the guarantee of debt obligations Debt and Lease Obligation Billed Billed Revenues [Member] Common stock in treasury, at cost (87,442,163 and 91,572,258 shares outstanding) Treasury Stock, Common, Value Contract asset Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss Fixed income securities Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale Hedging Designation [Domain] Hedging Designation [Domain] 3.850% Fixed Rate Notes due 2041 3.850% Notes Due 2041 [Member] 3.850% Notes Due 2041 Derivative Instrument [Axis] Derivative Instrument [Axis] Cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers Capitalized Contract Cost, Net Goodwill [Line Items] Goodwill [Line Items] Total long-term liabilities Liabilities, Noncurrent Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Principal amount outstanding Principal Amount Outstanding Long-Term Line of Credit Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Level 1 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] Pledged Status [Axis] Pledged Status [Axis] Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments Schedule of Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Positions [Table Text Block] Estimated clearing and incentive costs Estimated Clearing And Incentive Costs Estimated Clearing And Incentive Costs Accounts receivable Accounts receivable Accounts And Financing Receivable, Before Allowance For Credit Loss, Current Accounts And Financing Receivable, Before Allowance For Credit Loss, Current Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax (Expense) Benefit Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract] 2021 ABS Financing Facility 2021 ABS Financing Facility [Member] 2021 ABS Financing Facility Net cash provided by operating activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Current operating lease liabilities Operating Lease, Liability, Current Derivative asset Derivative Asset Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items] Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items] Schedule of Assets and Associated Liabilities Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Table] Schedule of Assets and Associated Liabilities Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Table] 1.500% Notes due 2039 1.500% Notes Due 2039 [Member] 1.500% Notes Due 2039 [Member] Past due Financial Asset, Past Due [Member] Operating Expenses Costs and Expenses [Abstract] Other components Net Periodic Defined Benefits Expense (Reversal of Expense), Excluding Service Cost Component Receivables [Abstract] Receivables [Abstract] Other Commitments [Domain] Other Commitments [Domain] Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table] Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table] Cash Flows from Investing Activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract] Employee benefit obligations Liability, Defined Benefit Plan, Noncurrent Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 3.375% Notes due 2036 3.375% Notes Due 2036 [Member] 3.375% Notes Due 2036 [Member] Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain] Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain] Revolving Credit Facility Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Customer contracts service term Revenue From Contract With Customer, Service Term Revenue From Contract With Customer, Service Term Revenues Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block] Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities AOCI, Accumulated Gain (Loss), Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Parent [Member] Series preferred stock, shares issued (in shares) Preferred Stock, Shares Issued Document Type Document Type Financial Asset, Aging [Axis] Financial Asset, Aging [Axis] Assets: Assets, Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] 1.125% Notes due 2028 1.125% Notes Due 2028 [Member] 1.125% Notes Due 2028 Segments [Axis] Segments [Axis] Debt Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Product and Service [Domain] Product and Service [Domain] Entity Shell Company Entity Shell Company Deferred income taxes Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Capital expenditures (including capitalized software) Payments to Acquire Other Productive Assets Number of shares issuable (in shares) Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Number of Shares Financial Instrument [Axis] Financial Instrument [Axis] Pre-tax gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive loss Pre-tax loss recognized Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax Subsequent Event Subsequent Event [Member] Consolidation Items [Domain] Consolidation Items [Domain] Wholesale Wholesale [Member] Wholesale [Member] Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability Contract with Customer, Contract Asset, Contract Liability, and Receivable [Table Text Block] Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Other components of net periodic benefit charges Other Components Of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income) Other Components Of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income) Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements Schedule of Assets and Associated Liabilities Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Table Text Block] Euro Denominated Debt Euro Denominated Debt [Member] Euro Denominated Debt [Member] Schedule of Components in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block] Total assets Assets Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Income Statement Location [Axis] Income Statement Location [Axis] Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, tax OCI, Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Gain (Loss), after Adjustment, Tax Interest rate swaps Interest Rate Swap [Member] Debt maturing within one year Debt maturing within one year Long-Term Debt, Current Maturities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Verizon 3.500% notes and floating rate notes due 2023 Verizon 3.500% Notes And Floating Rate Notes Due 2023 [Member] Verizon 3.500% Notes And Floating Rate Notes Due 2023 Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract] Line of Credit Line of Credit [Member] Device payment plan agreement receivables, gross Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost Financing Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss Other Commitments [Axis] Other Commitments [Axis] Activity in Allowance for Credit Losses for Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table Text Block] Derivative liability fair value of collateral Derivative Liability, Fair Value of Collateral Prepaid expenses and other Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current Income Before Provision For Income Taxes Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest Segments [Domain] Segments [Domain] Schedule of Goodwill [Table] Schedule of Goodwill [Table] Customer [Axis] Customer [Axis] Asset Backed Notes Asset Backed Notes [Member] Asset Backed Notes [Member] Interest cost Defined Benefit Plan, Interest Cost Other liabilities Other Noncurrent Liabilities [Member] Asset Pledged as Collateral without Right Asset Pledged as Collateral without Right [Member] Interest rate caps Interest Rate Cap [Member] Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Total Comprehensive Income Total Comprehensive Income Total comprehensive income Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value hedges Schedule of Derivative Instruments in Statement of Financial Position, Fair Value [Table Text Block] Debt extinguishment gains (losses) Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt Restricted stock equity grant Stock Issued During Period, Value, Restricted Stock Award, Gross 2021 and prior Financing Receivable, Year Three, Originated, Two Years before Current Fiscal Year Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block] Other comprehensive income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Reclassifications, Net of Tax Schedule of Fair Value of Short-Term and Long-Term Debt, Excluding Capital Leases Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table Text Block] Derivative Contract [Domain] Derivative Contract [Domain] Net Investment Hedges Net Investment Hedging [Member] Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Principal Repaid/ Repurchased Debt Instrument, Repurchased Face Amount Non-Network Internal-Use Software Non Network Internal Use Software [Member] Non-network Internal Use Software (3 to 7 years) [Member] Number of states in which wireline services are provided Number Of States In Which Wireline Services Are Provided Number Of States In Which Wireline Services Are Provided Foreign currency translation adjustments Accumulated Foreign Currency Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member] Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Employee Benefits Retirement Benefits [Text Block] Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges Accumulated Gain (Loss), Net, Cash Flow Hedge, Parent [Member] Notional value sold Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Sold During Period Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Sold During Period Total equity Beginning balance Ending balance Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Intersegment Eliminations Intersegment Eliminations [Member] Revenue from arrangements not accounted for under Topic 606 Revenue Not from Contract with Customer Alternative Financing Facility Alternative Financing Facility [Member] Alternative Financing Facility Minimum Minimum [Member] Noncontrolling interests Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company Common stock, par value (USD per share) Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share 2023 Financing Receivable, Year One, Originated, Current Fiscal Year Proceeds from asset-backed long-term borrowings Proceeds from Issuance of Secured Debt Percentage of month-to-month contracts of total service contracts Percentage Of Month To Month Contracts Of Total Service Contracts Percentage Of Month To Month Contracts Of Total Service Contracts Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] 1.250% Notes due 2030 1.250% Notes Due 2030 [Member] 1.250% Notes Due 2030 [Member] Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Treasury Stock Treasury Stock, Common [Member] Pension Pension Plan [Member] Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block] Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Entity File Number Entity File Number Wireless Licenses Wireless Licenses [Member] Wireless Licenses [Member]. Junior Notes Junior Notes [Member] Treasury stock, shares issued (in shares) Treasury stock, beginning balance (in shares) Treasury stock, ending balance (in shares) Treasury Stock, Common, Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss [Line Items] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items] 2027 Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Four Contract liability, noncurrent Contract with Customer, Liability, Noncurrent January 2023 January 2023 ABS Notes [Member] January 2023 ABS Notes Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Product Trade-in Product Trade-In [Member] Product Trade-In [Member] Entity Information [Line Items] Entity Information [Line Items] 1.875% Notes due 2038 1.875% Notes Due 2038 [Member] 1.875% Notes Due 2038 Schedule of Line of Credit Facilities Schedule of Line of Credit Facilities [Table Text Block] Amount drawn from credit facilities Proceeds from Lines of Credit Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the hedged liabilities Hedged Liability, Fair Value Hedge, Cumulative Increase (Decrease) Operating Revenues Operating revenues Revenues Deferred contract cost, amortization period Capitalized Contract Cost, Amortization Period Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax of $(7) and $(72) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification and Tax Credit Facility [Domain] Credit Facility [Domain] Amortization expense for other intangible assets Amortization of Intangible Assets Revolving period Debt Instrument, Revolving Period Debt Instrument, Revolving Period Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block] Net income attributable to Verizon (USD per share) Earnings Per Share, Basic Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Wireless licenses under development Construction in Progress, Gross 3.25% Notes due 2026 3.25% Notes Due 2026 [Member] 3.250% Notes Due 2026 [Member] Projected Clearing Costs Projected Clearing Costs [Member] Projected Clearing Costs Net proceeds from short-term commercial paper Proceeds from (Repayments of) Commercial Paper Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member] Other Corporate, Non-Segment [Member] Contingent consideration, earn out period Business Combination, Contingent Consideration, Liability, Earnout Period Business Combination, Contingent Consideration, Liability, Earnout Period Schedule of Restricted Cash Restrictions on Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table Text Block] Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table] Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table] Wireless service Wireless Service [Member] Wireless Service [Member] Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis] Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Axis] Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Domain] Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Domain] Cash received (paid) for settlement of derivatives Proceeds (Payments) For Settlement Of Derivative Proceeds (Payments) For Settlement Of Derivative Receivables transferred to ABS Entities Device payment plan agreement receivables, net Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss Entity Interactive Data Current Entity Interactive Data Current Amortization of deferred contract costs Capitalized Contract Cost, Amortization Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table] Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table] Accumulated Amortization Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization Prepaid expenses and other Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member] 2026 Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Three 3.125% Notes due 2035 3.125% Notes Due 2035 [Member] 3.125% Notes Due 2035 [Member] Retained Earnings Retained Earnings [Member] Portion at Fair Value Measurement Portion at Fair Value Measurement [Member] Dividends paid Payments of Dividends Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Notional value settled Derivative Settled, Notional Amount Derivative Settled, Notional Amount Cash and Cash Equivalents [Line Items] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Line Items] Common Stock Common Stock [Member] Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Verizon Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent Number of reportable segments Number of Reportable Segments Changes in current assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisition/disposition of businesses Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital Commercial paper Commercial Paper Estimated fair value of the contingent consideration Contingent consideration Business Combination, Contingent Consideration, Liability Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Axis] A Senior class notes Class A Senior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 [Member] Class A Senior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 Statement [Table] Statement [Table] Amortization Amortization of ESOP Award Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Line Items] Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Line Items] Document Quarterly Report Document Quarterly Report Current assets Assets, Current [Abstract] Non-current operating lease liabilities Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent Carrying amount of hedged liabilities Derivative Instruments and Hedges, Liabilities Asset-Backed Debt Asset-Backed Debt [Member] Asset-Backed Debt [Member] Pre-tax loss recognized in Interest expense Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), before Adjustments and Tax Statistical Measurement [Axis] Statistical Measurement [Axis] Contingent consideration payment Payment for Contingent Consideration Liability, Financing Activities Contract asset, noncurrent Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Noncurrent Retained earnings Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Additional Financial Information Supplier Finance Program [Text Block] Supplier Finance Program Other, net Other Operating Activities, Cash Flow Statement Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable, net Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table] Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table] Equity Components [Axis] Equity Components [Axis] Scenario [Domain] Scenario [Domain] Wireline Consumer And Business Markets And SaaS Contracts Wireline Consumer And Business Markets And SaaS Contracts [Member] Wireline Consumer And Small And Medium Business Contracts [Member] Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Year Focus Post employment benefits liability Supplemental Unemployment Benefits, Severance Benefits Amortization Expense for Other Intangible Assets Finite-Lived Intangible Assets Amortization Expense [Table Text Block] New customers New Customer [Member] New Customer [Member] Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Statement [Line Items] Statement [Line Items] Equity in losses of unconsolidated businesses, net of dividends received Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments, Net of Dividends or Distributions Eliminations Consolidation, Eliminations [Member] Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Start Date [Axis] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Start Date [Axis] 4.750% Notes due 2034 Notes Due 2034, 4.750% [Member] Notes Due 2034, 4.750% Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis] Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis] Gross Amount Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross Selling, general and administrative expense Selling, General and Administrative Expense Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset Wireless equipment Product [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member] Financing Receivable Credit Quality Indicators Financing Receivable Credit Quality Indicators [Table Text Block] Fios revenues Fios Revenues [Member] Fios Revenues [Member] Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Axis] Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Axis] Document Transition Report Document Transition Report Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract] Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract] Operating Income Operating Income Operating income Operating Income (Loss) Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Line Items] Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Line Items] Accounts receivable Financing Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Carrying amount of our investments without readily determinable fair values Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Amount Beginning balance (in shares) Ending balance (in shares) Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding Investments in unconsolidated businesses Investments in and Advance to Affiliates, Subsidiaries, Associates, and Joint Ventures Spectrum licenses Spectrum Licenses [Member] Spectrum Licenses [Member] Goodwill Beginning balance Ending balance Goodwill Service Service [Member] Other current liabilities Other Current Liabilities [Member] 4.073% Notes due 2024 4.073% Notes Due 2024 [Member] 4.073% Notes Due 2024 [Member] Total Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis] Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis] 0.375% Notes due 2029 0.375% Notes Due 2029 [Member] 0.375% Notes Due 2029 Operating Segments Excluding Intersegment Elimination Operating Segments Excluding Intersegment Elimination [Member] Operating Segments Excluding Intersegment Elimination Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment remaining for which hedge accounting has been discontinued Hedged Liability, Discontinued Fair Value Hedge, Cumulative Increase (Decrease) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Wireless Licenses, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block] Provision for income taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 2021 and prior Financing Receivable, Year Three And Prior, Originated, Two Years Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Financing Receivable, Year Three And Prior, Originated, Two Years Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Deferred income taxes Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net Series preferred stock, par value (USD per share) Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Commercial paper issued Proceeds from Short-Term Debt Income Statement [Abstract] Income Statement [Abstract] Hedging Relationship [Axis] Hedging Relationship [Axis] Additional Paid In Capital Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] 4.75% Notes due 2034 4.75% Notes Due 2034 [Member] 4.750% Notes Due 2034 [Member] Balance Sheet Location [Domain] Balance Sheet Location [Domain] Document Fiscal Period Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Customer tenure period Customer Tenure Period Customer Tenure Period Restricted cash, noncurrent Restricted Cash, Noncurrent Basic Earnings Per Common Share Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract] 2.350% Fixed Rate Notes due 2028 2.350% Notes Due 2028 [Member] 2.350% Notes Due 2028 Cost of services and equipment Cost of Goods and Services Sold Derivative [Line Items] Derivative [Line Items] Weighted-average shares outstanding (in shares) Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted Derivative liabilities Derivative Liability Less Accumulated depreciation Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Payment Guarantee Payment Guarantee [Member] Approximate number of federal district court actions alleged for patent infringement Approximate Number Of Federal District Court Actions Alleged For Patent Infringement Approximate Number Of Federal District Court Actions Alleged For Patent Infringement Less Allowance for credit losses Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities, Current Billing Status, Type [Axis] Billing Status, Type [Axis] Amount paid in severance benefits over the period Payments for Postemployment Benefits Enterprise and Public Sector Enterprise And Public Sector [Member] Small And Medium Business [Member] Common stock ($0.10 par value; 6,250,000,000 shares authorized in each period; 4,291,433,646 shares issued in each period) Common Stock, Value, Issued Carrying Amount Reported Value Measurement [Member] Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain] Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain] Senior Notes Senior Notes [Member] Short-term Debt [Line Items] Short-Term Debt [Line Items] Allowance Beginning balance Ending balance Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis Schedule of Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block] Operating Segments Operating Segments [Member] Reseller Arrangements Reseller Arrangements [Member] Reseller Arrangements [Member] Series preferred stock, shares authorized (in shares) Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized 0.875% Notes due 2032 0.875% Notes Due 2032 [Member] 0.875% Notes Due 2032 [Member] Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of $3 and $(6) Foreign currency translation adjustments Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Current liabilities Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Foreign exchange forwards Foreign Exchange Forward [Member] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Line Items] Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Line Items] Common stock, shares issued (in shares) Common Stock, Shares, Issued Pledged Status [Domain] Pledged Status [Domain] Spectrum Licenses, C-Band Spectrum Licenses, C-Band [Member] Spectrum Licenses, C-Band Contract liability, current Contract with Customer, Liability, Current Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, tax Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification, Tax Value of purchase assets financed Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid Restricted cash: Restricted Cash [Abstract] Retirement Plan Type [Domain] Retirement Plan Type [Domain] Capitalized Contract Cost Capitalized Contract Cost [Table Text Block] Income Statement Location [Domain] Income Statement Location [Domain] Cash Flow Hedging Cash Flow Hedging [Member] Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items] Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items] Swaptions Swaption [Member] Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Other intangible asset, useful life Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life Net cash used in investing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Fair Value Hedges Fair Value Hedging [Member] Principal amount issued Principal Amount Issued Debt Instrument, Face Amount Other comprehensive income (loss) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Employee plans Stock Issued During Period, Value, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Comprehensive income attributable to Verizon Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent Guarantee liability Guarantor Obligations, Current Carrying Value Cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers, current Capitalized Contract Cost, Net, Current Acquisitions and Divestitures Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions Disclosures [Text Block] Schedule of Segment Operating Information Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block] Forward starting interest rate swaps Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps [Member] Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps [Member] Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, tax Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, Tax Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Current Reporting Status Wireless licenses Indefinite-Lived License Agreements 1.375% Notes due 2028 1.375% Notes Due 2028 [Member] 1.375% Notes Due 2028 [Member] Notional value entered into Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Entered During Period Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Entered During Period Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract] Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract] Other current liabilities Other Liabilities, Current Other assets Other Assets, Noncurrent 1.125% Notes due 2035 1.125% Notes Due 2035 [Member] 1.125% Notes Due 2035 Number of series issued Debt Instrument, Number Of Series Issued Debt Instrument, Number Of Series Issued Disaggregation of Revenue [Table] Disaggregation of Revenue [Table] Cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers, noncurrent Capitalized Contract Cost, Net, Noncurrent Shareholder plans Stock Issued During Period, Value, Treasury Stock Reissued Fixed price term Guarantee Obligation, Term Guarantee Obligation, Term Employee plans (in shares) Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Employee Stock Purchase Plans Derivative [Table] Derivative [Table] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table] 2.625% Notes due 2031 2.625% Notes Due 2031 [Member] 2.625% Notes Due 2031 [Member] Verizon Business Group And Verizon Consumer Group Verizon Business Group Segment And Verizon Consumer Group Segment [Member] Verizon Business Group And Verizon Consumer Group [Member] 1.625% Notes due 2024 1.625% Notes Due 2024 [Member] 1.625% Notes Due 2024 [Member] 1.850% Notes due 2040 1.850% Notes Due 2040 [Member] 1.850% Notes Due 2040 [Member] Less Allowance for credit losses Less Allowance for credit losses Accounts And Financing Receivable, Allowance For Credit Loss, Current Accounts And Financing Receivable, Allowance For Credit Loss, Current Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Other Stockholders' Equity, Other B Junior class notes Class B Junior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 [Member] Class B Junior Secured Notes [Member] Basis of Presentation Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block] Property, plant and equipment, net Property, Plant and Equipment, Net TracFone Wireless, Inc. TracFone Wireless, Inc. [Member] TracFone Wireless, Inc. Entities [Table] Entities [Table] Maximum threshold period for new customers Allowance For Credit Loss, Maximum Threshold Period For New Customers Allowance For Credit Loss, Maximum Threshold Period For New Customers Estimated Future Amortization Expense for Other Intangible Assets Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block] Long-term Debt Long-Term Debt [Member] Future cash consideration related to achievement of certain performance measures Business Combination, Contingent Consideration Arrangements, Range of Outcomes, Value, High Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, net of tax of $15 and $48 Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, after Tax Excluded component estimated to be amortized into interest expense Excluded component Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), Adjustments, before Tax Less Allowance for credit losses Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Deferred Compensation-ESOPs and Other Deferred Compensation, Share-Based Payments [Member] Debt outstanding Long-Term Debt Other income (expense), net Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) Balance Sheet Location [Axis] Balance Sheet Location [Axis] Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax of $(1) and $5 Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities OCI, Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Gain (Loss), after Adjustment and Tax Common stock, shares authorized (in shares) Common Stock, Shares Authorized Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table] Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table] Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Domain] Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Domain] Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Maximum Maximum [Member] Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax 4.250% Notes due 2030 Notes Due 2030, 4.250% [Member] Notes Due 2030, 4.250% Service revenues and other Service And Other [Member] Service And Other [Member] Receivables Accounts Receivable From Contract With Customer Accounts Receivable From Contract With Customer Schedule Of Derivative Instruments Activity Schedule Of Derivative Instruments Activity [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Derivative Instruments Activity Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table] Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table] Cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Total current assets Assets, Current Designated as Hedging Instrument Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing Contract with Customer, Liability, Revenue Recognized Reclassifications, adjustments and other Goodwill, Other Increase (Decrease) Business Acquisition [Line Items] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Entity Small Business Entity Small Business Unrealized loss on fair value hedges AOCI, Derivative Qualifying as Hedge, Excluded Component, Parent [Member] Measurement Basis [Axis] Measurement Basis [Axis] Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Dividends declared per common share (USD per share) Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Declared Benefit or (Income) Cost Related to Pension and Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance Schedule of Net Benefit Costs [Table Text Block] Operating Revenues Revenues [Abstract] Other intangible assets, net Net Amount Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net Minimum threshold period for existing customers Allowance For Credit Loss, Minimum Threshold Period For Existing Customers Allowance For Credit Loss, Minimum Threshold Period For Existing Customers Distributions and other Noncontrolling Interest, Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders Revenue, remaining performance obligation, expected timing of satisfaction, period Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Period Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain] Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain] 1.375% Notes due 2026 1.375% Notes Due 2026 [Member] 1.375% Notes Due 2026 [Member] Title of 12(b) Security Title of 12(b) Security Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table] Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table] Basis of Presentation Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block] Unrealized gain (loss) from fair value hedges, tax Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), after Adjustments, Tax Fixed income securities Fixed Income Securities [Member] 2022 Financing Receivable, Year Two, Originated, Fiscal Year before Current Fiscal Year Consolidated Entities [Axis] Consolidated Entities [Axis] Total Operating Expenses Costs and Expenses Payables and Accruals [Abstract] Other Product and Service, Other [Member] Existing customers Existing Customer [Member] Existing Customer [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Business Combination and Asset Acquisition [Abstract] Contract assets impairment charge Capitalized Contract Cost, Impairment Loss Recoveries collected Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Recovery Segment Information Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block] Selling, general and administrative expense Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member] Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table] Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table] 2025 Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Two Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Roll Forward] Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Roll Forward] Liabilities and Equity Liabilities and Equity [Abstract] Fair Value Estimate of Fair Value Measurement [Member] Unamortized imputed interest Receivable with Imputed Interest, Discount Segment Reporting, Revenue Reconciling Item [Line Items] Segment Reporting, Revenue Reconciling Item [Line Items] Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table] Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table] Acquisitions of wireless licenses Payments for deposits Payments to Acquire Intangible Assets Cumulative adjustments due to observable price changes Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Upward Price Adjustment, Cumulative Amount Balance and Aging of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables on Gross Basis Financing Receivable Aging And Past Due [Table Text Block] Financing Receivable Aging And Past Due [Table Text Block] Pre-tax gain on cross currency swaps recognized in Interest expense Derivative, Excluded Component, Gain, Recognized in Earnings Inventories Inventory, Net New York Stock Exchange NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE [Member] Consumer Verizon Consumer Group Segment [Member] Verizon Consumer Group [Member] Deferred compensation – employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) and other Deferred Compensation Employee Stock Ownership Plans And Other Value of stock issued under employee stock ownership and other plans to employees or officers which is the unearned portion, accounted for under the fair value method. Hedging Relationship [Domain] Hedging Relationship [Domain] 0.875% Notes due 2027 0.875% Notes Due 2027 [Member] 0.875% Notes Due 2027 [Member] Hedging Designation [Axis] Hedging Designation [Axis] Other receivables Other Receivables [Member] Other Receivables [Member] Entity Filer Category Entity Filer Category Equity Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract] Weighted-average shares outstanding (in shares) Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic Business Markets and SaaS Business Markets And SaaS [Member] Business, Global Enterprise [Member] Pre-tax loss on hedged debt recognized in Interest expense Derivative, Excluded Component, Loss, Recognized in Earnings Collateral repayments (payments) related to derivative contracts, net Payments for (Proceeds from) Derivative Instrument, Investing Activities Liabilities: Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract] Supplier finance program, termination notice period Supplier Finance Program, Termination Notice, Period Supplier Finance Program, Termination Notice, Period Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies Number of customer groups Number Of Customer Groups Number Of Customer Groups Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items] Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items] Notional amount Derivative, Notional Amount Series preferred stock ($0.10 par value; 250,000,000 shares authorized; none issued) Preferred Stock, Value, Issued Average remaining renewal period of wireless license portfolio (in years) Average Remaining Renewal Period of Wireless License Portfolio Average remaining renewal period of wireless license portfolio. Summary of Reconciliation of Segment Operating Revenues Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table Text Block] Repayments of long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations Repayments Of Long Term Borrowings And Finance Lease Obligations Repayments Of Long Term Borrowings And Finance Lease Obligations Restricted cash, current Restricted Cash, Current Short-term Debt, Type [Domain] Short-Term Debt, Type [Domain] Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable Service cost Defined Benefit Plan, Service Cost Cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] Cover [Abstract] Cover [Abstract] Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table] Schedule of Long-Term Debt Instruments [Table] Interest costs capitalized Interest Costs Capitalized Level 3 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 [Member] Depreciation and amortization expense Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction Wireless service Wireless Service Plan Receivables Wireless Service Plan Receivables [Member] Wireless Service Plan Receivables [Member] Revenues and Contract Costs Revenue from Contract with Customer [Text Block] Segment Reporting [Abstract] Segment Reporting [Abstract] Noncontrolling Interests Noncontrolling Interest [Member] Scenario, Forecast Forecast [Member] Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables Financing Receivables [Text Block] Total liabilities and equity Liabilities and Equity Expected Weighted-average Life to Maturity (in years) Debt Instrument, Term Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Axis] Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Axis] Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Long-Term Debt, Type [Axis] Goodwill [Roll Forward] Goodwill [Roll Forward] Dilutive securities (in shares) Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-Based Payment Arrangements Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Earnings Per Share, Diluted [Abstract] Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Shareholder plans (in shares) Number of common shares issued from treasury stock (in shares) Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Treasury Stock Reissued Not Designated as Hedging Instrument Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Business acquisition, purchase price in cash Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired Level 2 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Summary of Reconciliation of Segment Operating Income Reconciliation of Operating Profit (Loss) from Segments to Consolidated [Table Text Block] Business Verizon Business Group Segment [Member] Verizon Business Group [Member] Current Fiscal Year End Date Current Fiscal Year End Date AOCI Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract] AOCI Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract] Other assets Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Noncurrent Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Net income attributable to Verizon (USD per share) Earnings Per Share, Diluted Median Median [Member] Equipment Credit Facilities Equipment Credit Facilities [Member] Equipment Credit Facilities [Member] Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table] Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table] Consolidation Items [Axis] Consolidation Items [Axis] Customer Contracts that Have Contract Minimum over Total Contract Term Customer Contracts That Have Contract Minimum Over Total Contract Term [Member] Customer Contracts That Have Contract Minimum Over Total Contract Term [Member] 1.875% Notes due 2030 1.875% Notes Due 2030 [Member] 1.875% Notes Due 2030 [Member] Total current liabilities Liabilities, Current C Junior class notes Class C Junior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 [Member] Class C Junior Secured Notes [Member] Dividends declared ($0.6525, $0.6400 per share) Dividends, Cash Schedule of Receivables, Net Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table Text Block] Current period provision for expected credit losses Financing Receivable, Credit Loss, Expense (Reversal) Receivables Billing Status [Domain] Receivables Billing Status [Domain] Revenue, remaining performance obligation Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Amount Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table] Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table] 3.50% Fixed Rate Notes due 2039 3.50% Fixed Rate Notes Due 2039 [Member] 3.50% Fixed Rate Notes Due 2039 [Member] Class of Financing Receivable [Axis] Class of Financing Receivable [Axis] Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Unbilled Unbilled Revenues [Member] Other, net Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities Contract liability Device payment plan agreement, trade-in liability Contract with Customer, Liability Employee retirement benefits Employee Benefit and Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Product and Service [Axis] Product and Service [Axis] Exchange gains and losses from the conversion of foreign currency denominated as debt Derivative, Excluded Component, Gain (Loss), Recognized in Earnings Class of Stock [Domain] Class of Stock [Domain] Expected return on plan assets Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Return (Loss) on Plan Assets Cumulative adjustments due to impairment charges Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Impairment Loss, Cumulative Amount Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract] Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract] Unused Capacity Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity Interest expense Interest Expense Exchange [Domain] Exchange [Domain] Credit Facility [Axis] Credit Facility [Axis] Retirement Plan Type [Axis] Retirement Plan Type [Axis] Long-term debt Long-Term Debt and Lease Obligation Employer discretionary contribution amount Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount Schedule of Debt Transactions Schedule of Long-Term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block] 2.875% Notes due 2038 2.875% Notes Due 2038 [Member] 2.875% Notes Due 2038 [Member] Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items] Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items] Customer Lists Customer Lists [Member] Other assets Other Noncurrent Assets [Member] 1.300% Notes due 2033 1.300% Notes due 2033 [Member] 1.300% Notes due 2033 [Member] Capitalized Contract Cost [Table] Capitalized Contract Cost [Table] Schedule of Short-term Debt [Table] Schedule of Short-Term Debt [Table] Reclassifications Reclassification, Comparability Adjustment [Policy Text Block] Initial value of the excluded component Hedged Liability, Fair Value Hedge Gross write-offs Write-offs charged against the allowance Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Writeoff Wireless Service, Option Two Wireless Service, Fixed Term Plans [Member] Wireless Service, Fixed Term Plans Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract] Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract] Remainder of 2023 Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Remainder of Fiscal Year Contract asset, current Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Consolidated Entities [Domain] Consolidated Entities [Domain] Current Financial Asset, Not Past Due [Member] Accounts and Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract] Accounts and Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract] Cross currency swaps Currency Swap [Member] Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and assets held for sale Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect Commercial Paper Commercial Paper [Member] 2028 Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Five Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key 2022 and prior Financing Receivable, Year Two And Prior, Originated, Fiscal Year Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Financing Receivable, Year Two And Prior, Originated, Fiscal Year Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff Repayments of asset-backed long-term borrowings Repayments of Secured Debt Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] 1.875% Notes due 2029 1.875% Notes Due 2029 [Member] 1.875% Notes Due 2029 [Member] City Area Code City Area Code Assets Assets [Abstract] Cost of services Cost of Service [Member] Cost of Service [Member] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Long-Term Debt, Type [Domain] Retirement Benefits [Abstract] Retirement Benefits [Abstract] Device payment plan agreement receivables Financing Receivable From Contract With Customer Financing Receivable From Contract With Customer Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Table] Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Table] Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract] Stock repurchase program, remaining shares available for purchase (in shares) Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased Capitalized Contract Cost [Line Items] Capitalized Contract Cost [Line Items] 3.000% Fixed Rate Notes due 2031 3.000% Notes Due 2031 [Member] 3.000% Notes Due 2031 Open market repurchases of various Verizon notes Various Verizon Notes Of Open Market Repurchase [Member] Various Verizon Notes Of Open Market Repurchase Repayments of short-term debt Repayments of Short-Term Debt Number of renewable energy purchase agreements Guarantee Obligation, Number Of Agreements Guarantee Obligation, Number Of Agreements Other liabilities Other Liabilities, Noncurrent Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance Accounts and Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current Treasury rate locks Treasury Lock [Member] Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items] Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items] 0.875% Notes due 2025 0.875% Notes Due 2025 [Member] 0.875% Notes Due 2025 [Member] 2024 Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year One Foreign currency translation adjustments, tax Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Tax Guarantee of Debentures of Operating Telephone Company Subsidiaries Guarantee of Debentures of Operating Telephone Company Subsidiaries [Member] Guarantee of Debentures of Operating Telephone Company Subsidiaries [Member] Device payment plan agreement Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables [Member] Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables [Member] Health Care and Life Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member] Customer [Domain] Customer [Domain] EX-101.PRE 12 vz-20230331_pre.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT GRAPHIC 13 vz-20230331_g1.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g1.jpg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vz-20230331_g2.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g2.jpg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end GRAPHIC 15 vz-20230331_g3.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g3.jpg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end GRAPHIC 16 vz-20230331_g4.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g4.jpg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end GRAPHIC 17 vz-20230331_g5.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g5.jpg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vz-20230331_g6.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g6.jpg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end GRAPHIC 19 vz-20230331_g7.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g7.jpg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vz-20230331_g8.jpg begin 644 vz-20230331_g8.jpg M_]C_X 02D9)1@ ! 0$ D "0 #_X1#T17AI9@ 34T *@ @ ! $[ ( M . (2H=I 0 ! (6)R= $ < 0T.H< < @, /@ M &%P+S$N,"\ /#]X<&%C:V5T(&)E9VEN M/2?ON[\G(&ED/2=7-4TP37!#96AI2'IR95-Z3E1C>FMC.60G/SX-"CQX.GAM M<&UE=&$@>&UL;G,Z>#TB861O8F4Z;G,Z;65T82\B/CQR9&8Z4D1&('AM;&YS M.G)D9CTB:'1T<#HO+W=W=RYW,RYO&UL;G,Z M6YT87@M M;G,C(CX\#IX;7!M971A/@T*(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @( H@(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @"B @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" *(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @( H@(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @"B @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" *(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M( H@(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @"B @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" *(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @( H@(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M"B @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" *(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @( H@(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @"B @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" * M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @( H@(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @"B @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" *(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @( H@ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @ M(" @(" @(" @"B @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" @(" \/WAP86-K M970@96YD/2=W)S\^_]L 0P '!04&!00'!@4&" <'" H1"PH)"0H5#Q ,$1@5 M&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&"(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ_]L 0P$'" @* M"0H4"PL4*AP8'"HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\ $0@ 5P(L P$B (1 0,1 ?_$ !\ $% 0$! M 0$! ! @,$!08'" D*"__$ +40 (! P,"! ,%!00$ !?0$" M P $$042(3%!!A-180'EZ@X2% MAH>(B8J2DY25EI>8F9JBHZ2EIJ>HJ:JRL[2UMK>XN;K"P\3%QL?(R;GZ.GJ\?+S]/7V]_CY^O_$ !\! ,! 0$! 0$! 0$ M ! @,$!08'" D*"__$ +41 (! @0$ P0'!00$ $"=P ! @,1! 4A,082 M05$'87$3(C*!"!1"D:&QP0DC,U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:)BH*#A(6&AXB)BI*3 ME)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN+C MY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_: P# 0 "$0,1 #\ ^D:*** "BBB@ HHHH ** M** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHH MH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ M HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** " MBBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH ** M** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHH MH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** "BBB@ M KYU^*?B;7M/^)6JVMAK>HVMO'Y.R&"[D1%S"A. #@T_L] M?\S#_P!NW_M6NO!SDZ\4WW_(^?XDP]&&5591@D_=Z+^9'M-%9'B?7AX=T-KQ M8/M-Q)+';VT&[;YLTC!$4G!P,D9.#@9-4X)?%UGJEJ-133=1LKF0I*+&!X'L MQ@D,2\C"5<@ X"'G..U?0+4_'WH='16"GC;P^^J?8%OR9/.^SB7[/)Y!ESCR MQ-M\LOGC;NSGM4,OQ \-0W\MI)?R"2"Z^R3.+28Q0S9 "/($V(26&-Q&<\9H M6NP/3[D\ISY<@P"N,9/WAR,CFC?^OZ[AL:]%:?]=!_(T 9/VNX_Y[R_]]FC[7\]Y? M^^S45% B7[7\]Y?^^S4MM>:JU+:?\?D/_71?YT =-11 M7FD'C#Q9_P (9<>*Y)='GM8;B9!ID=A*LTH2=H@JR^>1O.T8_=\DX]Z!GI=% M9R:[I[ZA=V'GE;NRMTN;B(HV8XWW;3G]QN 2>*RY?B'X9BM;:X^WR20W-L MEVK0V2VS$.LB^:J[D_VER/>F6GCC MP]>+ (]ZUZ "BBB@ HHHH **** /G7Q-_R-NK_ /7] M-_Z,-9=:GB;_ )&W5_\ K^F_]&&LN@04444 >Q_"/_D4KK_K^?\ ]%QUW=<) M\(_^12NO^OY__1<=;_B37I=(.GVEA EQJ.J7/V>VCE8J@PI=W8@$X55)]S@< M9S0,W**Y_3I_$]IJRVVNBPOK.2)Y/M]C"UL(&7'R/&\CDYR<,#VY ZT_3?&N M@:O?1VEA>L\DV?(=[>2..YQR?*D90LN ,_(30!NT5R@^)GA0VINO[1F%L)A M)VL;@1M(6*[%^'/[,O;^:^DMH;!%DNDNK2:"6)&.%8Q.@?:3T. MW!YIK^/M CACD,E^S2 L($TNZ:8(."YB$9<)_ME=I[&@#I**Y&X^(>G?\)%X M=T_3TEO;;7(Y9$NX()9$4+@#E4(ZGYLD;0,MC.:T(/&N@7.J)80WS-))*88Y M3;RB"609S&DQ7RV<8/RAB>#QP: -ZBJ&K:W8:';)-J4YC$C^7$B1M))*^"=J M(@+.V 3A03Q66/'_ (:_LUKY]0:*%;I;-UFM98Y8YF^ZC1LH=2>V0,Y'K0!T M=%8=MXST&ZTR\OUO6AAL7"72W-O)!)"QP0&C=0X)R,#'.1C-9VA>-DU_QU>Z M39*19VVGQ7/[^UE@G61I'4ADD"D#"J1\HZYR13MK8.E_Z['6T5S>HZWJ5YXE MF\/^&S:0W-K;I<75Y>1-+'"'8A$$:LA9B%8_>&,#KFLG4_'E[X8TW7D\06<= MQJ&D6(O8FLHY!'>1G(!VX9H\.I#9+!002V.BZ#L[V.ZHK@T^)EM%XH^R7\G7+W.YI'5\QA2P4!1R4&,Y)Y%;]WXST&TMK21\V,#-.S7]?UV%_7Z_J;M%<]>^//#EC%I\DE^TPU*-Y;,6 MEM+=F/\)>OZ,^SX-_Y&$_\#_\ 2HG% MT445X1^JA7M/[/7_ #,/_;M_[5KQ:O:?V>O^9A_[=O\ VK79@OX\?G^1\[Q- M_P BFK_V[_Z4CTSQAH<^O:"(;%XTO;:XAO+4RG"&2)PZJQP< XP3@XS55=2\ M4:IJ%G!#HDNB6\4P:]N+R:"42Q@'*1"-V/)Q\S!<#MGBNGHKZ+R/QEZGF">& M?$!\(V_@MM+98X+Y)CK/VB(Q/$MR)MVW=YGFD#!&P#.3NJ?4/">L3^"?&-A' M9!KK4]6>YM4\U/WJ%HR&SG ^Z>#@\5Z1133M_7I_DA-7_KU_S/.-4T/78/$% MU+X6TO4=*O+FZ25KZ'48GT^9C44=O+_*P_Z_%/]#S:U\+SW2WD_P#PC&JVEXNF M7%M%/JOB![L[Y% *1(9I%V$@?,Q0\#CT[7PQ93Z;X1TBRNX_*GMK*&*5,@[6 M5 ",C@\CM6I13OO_ %M?_,5MO+];?Y!1112&%%%% !6?K/\ QYI_UT'\C6A6 M?K/_ !YI_P!=!_(T 8E%%% @J6T_X_(?^NB_SJ*I;3_C\A_ZZ+_.@#IJ\7M_ M 3/X4OM*N/ARHUV>:Y:'7&-FHC9Y7:.7S5E,PV@J>%SQBO:**"KGGMSI'B+2 M/$NI7=IIDFM#4M&M[);A+B*/9-$),M*'8':WF Y4,>#Q61:>%-9TOP_HB0:! MJD&LV^C06C7^DZI#&4D52-D\$/%.HV_B)KRWBN[W4-&TZW\V*1$2>XCD=I< D;0-P/. <\5H^.?! M>J>)M8U#["B1Q7&@M:).\FU3,)UD"'!W $+U XSZUZ)11)W=_7\5;]16_3\+ M?Y'G6E^%_M%S+<7?A#4%E2PFM\ZWXBDNED+@!HD7S)@(VQRQVD8'RGM#IN@: MZ1ET47_K[_\ ,>W] M?UV.(\':?K]GK1WPZK8:$EKL^QZQ>174HFW @QR([ML"[@=[Y^[@#%=O110W M<5K!1112&%%%% !1110!\Z^)O^1MU?\ Z_IO_1AK+K4\3?\ (VZO_P!?TW_H MPUET""BBB@#V/X1_\BE=?]?S_P#HN.MGQ7HUY?3Z1JFDK'+>Z1=F=()'V+.C M(T;INP<':Q(/3(&<#FL;X1_\BE=?]?S_ /HN.N[H&*?.M'TZ;P] MIDEG/#-]KDADGED=-J%/*=PJKDG);)Z8[UEV>CZ_J*^%-.OM&_LR/P]-'+<7 M7GQ/%/LA:,"$*Q?!+ G>J8''->AT4;?UVO;\P_X/X[GDFI:9J7A_X;>%K.XL M ]_#XAB?[+YJ_/FXD8#<"5R01W^M:&I^$]:\076IZ_\ 8#874LVGR6^FW4Z% MI%M96D(D*%D4MN(&&8# )]!Z+<6=M>",7=O%.(I!+'YJ!MCCHPST([&IJ:;7 MWW_+_(5M?E;\7_F>7>*/#OB'Q\FEI8V]C<7$)EF;SUD9F*.R!0 M%X^8DY/ [[_B2'Q(WB*(6EOJ%WH[V?EK%IMU#;LDY;EI6=E?9MQ@QDD?-\I. M*[*BETM_6H^K??\ X'^1Y5X9\*>(-&TOP4U[I'M4O&TZY5_M[^(IA8L$?<3OZ'88 M@N0><P;P^EQ+$MT#?0V>01]T<#HN0*]/0J*70:=G?T_#_ACB="TK57\8RZO>Z7+8PRZ#!9A9I8F=94DD+*=CL.A4Y! MQSZY Y+2? >LZ1%H=YJ&DZI>^7HR6%S::5K!M)[>5)&<'A/?444-W$%%%%( HHHH *X3Q'\(]!\3^(+G6+^[U&.X MN=N]8)8P@VH%& 4)Z*.]=W143IQJ*TE8?\*$\+_\ M/_J__?Z+_P"-T?\ "A/"_P#S_P"K_P#?Z+_XW7I]%8_5:/\ *>A_;N9_\_F> M8?\ "A/"_P#S_P"K_P#?Z+_XW74>#? .E^!_MO\ 9,]Y-]LV>9]I=6QLW8QM M4?WC^E=/15QH4H/FC'4PKYMCL13=*K5;B^GXA1116QY@4444 %%%% !1110 M4444 %%%% !1110 5#=6J7<020L #GY:FHH S_[&M_[\OYC_ H_L:W_ +\O MYC_"M"B@#/\ [&M_[\OYC_"G1Z3!'*KJ\F5((R1_A5ZB@ HHHH **** "BBB M@ HHHH **** "BBB@ HHHH **** .=NO /AJ\NYKJYTW?--(TDC>?(-S$Y)P M&QU-1?\ "N/"O_0*_P#)B7_XJNGHH YC_A7'A7_H%?\ DQ+_ /%4?\*X\*_] M K_R8E_^*KIZ* *&D:)I^@VC6NE6_D0O(9&7>S98@#.6)/0"K]%% !1110 4 M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11 M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 K%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '__V0$! end XML 21 R1.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 22 R2.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 23 R3.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 24 R4.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 25 R5.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 26 R6.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 27 R7.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 28 R8.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 29 R9.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 30 R10.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 31 R11.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 32 R12.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 33 R13.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 34 R14.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 35 R15.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 36 R16.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 37 R17.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 38 R18.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 39 R19.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 40 R20.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 41 R21.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 42 R22.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 43 R23.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 44 R24.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 45 R25.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 46 R26.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 47 R27.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 48 R28.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 49 R29.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 50 R30.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 51 R31.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 52 R32.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 53 R33.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 54 R34.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 55 R35.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 56 R36.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 57 R37.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 58 R38.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 59 R39.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 60 R40.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 61 R41.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 62 R42.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 63 R43.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 64 R44.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 65 R45.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 66 R46.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 67 R47.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 68 R48.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 69 R49.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 70 R50.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 71 R51.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 72 R52.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 73 R53.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 74 R54.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 75 R55.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 76 R56.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 77 R57.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 78 R58.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 79 R59.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 80 R60.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 81 R61.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 82 R62.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 83 R63.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 84 R64.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 85 R65.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 86 R66.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 87 R67.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 88 R68.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 89 R69.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 90 R70.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 91 R71.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 92 R72.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 93 R73.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT v3.23.1 XML 94 vz-20230331_htm.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 0000732712 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommonStockMember exch:XNYM 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommonStockMember exch:XNGS 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.625NotesDue2024Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A4.073NotesDue2024Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A0.875NotesDue2025Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A325NotesDue2026Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.375NotesDue2026Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A0.875NotesDue2027Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.375NotesDue2028Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1125NotesDue2028Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2350NotesDue2028Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.875NotesDue2029Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A0375NotesDue2029Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.250NotesDue2030Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.875NotesDue2030Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:NotesDue20304250Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2.625NotesDue2031Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2.500NotesDue2031Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A3000NotesDue2031Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A0.875NotesDue2032Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A0750NotesDue2032Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1300NotesDue2033Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A475NotesDue2034Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:NotesDue20344750Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A3.125NotesDue2035Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1125NotesDue2035Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A3.375NotesDue2036Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2.875NotesDue2038Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1875NotesDue2038Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1.500NotesDue2039Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A350FixedRateNotesDue2039Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A1850NotesDue2040Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A3850NotesDue2041Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ServiceAndOtherMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ServiceAndOtherMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ProductMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ProductMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 2022-12-31 0000732712 2021-12-31 0000732712 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessPostpaidContractsMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelineConsumerAndBusinessMarketsAndSaaSContractsMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessPostpaidContractsMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelineConsumerAndBusinessMarketsAndSaaSContractsMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceDevicePaymentPlansMember srt:MinimumMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceDevicePaymentPlansMember srt:MaximumMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceFixedTermPlansMember srt:MinimumMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceFixedTermPlansMember srt:MaximumMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ResellerArrangementsMember srt:MinimumMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:CustomerContractsThatHaveContractMinimumOverTotalContractTermMember 2023-04-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 2023-04-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 2024-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 2025-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 2023-01-01 0000732712 2022-01-01 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:SpectrumLicensesCBandMember vz:SpectrumLicensesMember 2021-02-01 2021-02-28 0000732712 vz:SpectrumLicensesCBandMember vz:SpectrumLicensesMember vz:ProjectedClearingCostsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:SpectrumLicensesCBandMember vz:SpectrumLicensesMember vz:ProjectedClearingCostsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:SpectrumLicensesCBandMember srt:ScenarioForecastMember vz:SpectrumLicensesMember 2023-04-01 2024-12-31 0000732712 vz:TracFoneWirelessIncMember 2021-11-23 2021-11-23 0000732712 vz:TracFoneWirelessIncMember 2021-11-23 0000732712 vz:TracFoneWirelessIncMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessLicensesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessLicensesMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessLicensesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessLicensesMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CorporateNonSegmentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CorporateNonSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CorporateNonSegmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 vz:NonNetworkInternalUseSoftwareMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:NonNetworkInternalUseSoftwareMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:NonNetworkInternalUseSoftwareMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 vz:Verizon3500NotesAndFloatingRateNotesDue2023Member 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:Verizon3500NotesAndFloatingRateNotesDue2023Member 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:VariousVerizonNotesOfOpenMarketRepurchaseMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:VariousVerizonNotesOfOpenMarketRepurchaseMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2023-03-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommercialPaperMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommercialPaperMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedDebtMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:January2023ABSNotesMember vz:ClassASeniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member 2023-01-31 0000732712 vz:January2023ABSNotesMember vz:ClassASeniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member 2023-01-01 2023-01-31 0000732712 vz:January2023ABSNotesMember vz:ClassBJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member 2023-01-31 0000732712 vz:January2023ABSNotesMember vz:ClassBJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member 2023-01-01 2023-01-31 0000732712 vz:January2023ABSNotesMember vz:ClassCJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member 2023-01-31 0000732712 vz:January2023ABSNotesMember vz:ClassCJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member 2023-01-01 2023-01-31 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedNotesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MedianMember vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-27 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-27 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:JuniorNotesMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-27 0000732712 vz:AssetBackedNotesMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-01 2023-04-27 0000732712 vz:A2021ABSFinancingFacilityMember 2023-03-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2021ABSFinancingFacilityMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2021ABSFinancingFacilityMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-01 2023-04-27 0000732712 vz:A2022ABSFinancingFacilityMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember 2023-03-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:A2022ABSFinancingFacilityMember us-gaap:SecuredDebtMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:VariableInterestEntityPrimaryBeneficiaryMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:VariableInterestEntityPrimaryBeneficiaryMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RevolvingCreditFacilityMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:EquipmentCreditFacilitiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RevolvingCreditFacilityMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:EquipmentCreditFacilitiesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:EquipmentCreditFacilitiesMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:AlternativeFinancingFacilityMember vz:NetworkEquipmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:AlternativeFinancingFacilityMember vz:NetworkEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:AlternativeFinancingFacilityMember vz:NetworkEquipmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:AlternativeFinancingFacilityMember vz:NetworkEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 vz:GuaranteeOfDebenturesOfOperatingTelephoneCompanySubsidiariesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OtherReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AssetPledgedAsCollateralWithoutRightMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AssetPledgedAsCollateralWithoutRightMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 vz:ProductTradeInMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ProductTradeInMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentAndVerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:NewCustomerMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ExistingCustomerMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:NewCustomerMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ExistingCustomerMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:UnbilledRevenuesMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember us-gaap:FinancialAssetNotPastDueMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:BilledRevenuesMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember us-gaap:FinancialAssetNotPastDueMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:BilledRevenuesMember vz:DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember us-gaap:FinancialAssetPastDueMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:InterestRateCapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:InterestRateSwapMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CurrencySwapMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ForwardStartingInterestRateSwapsMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ForwardStartingInterestRateSwapsMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:LongTermDebtMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:LongTermDebtMember us-gaap:FairValueHedgingMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 srt:ScenarioForecastMember us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember 2023-04-01 2024-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryLockMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-27 0000732712 vz:EuroDenominatedDebtMember us-gaap:NetInvestmentHedgingMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:EuroDenominatedDebtMember us-gaap:NetInvestmentHedgingMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeForwardMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:SwaptionMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:SwaptionMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:CostofServiceMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:CostofServiceMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:CostofServiceMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:CostofServiceMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2023-04-01 2023-04-27 0000732712 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2021-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember 2022-12-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember us-gaap:ServiceMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember us-gaap:ServiceMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember us-gaap:ProductMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember us-gaap:ProductMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember us-gaap:ProductAndServiceOtherMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember us-gaap:ProductAndServiceOtherMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:EnterpriseAndPublicSectorMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:EnterpriseAndPublicSectorMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:BusinessMarketsAndSaaSMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:BusinessMarketsAndSaaSMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:WholesaleMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:WholesaleMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:IntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:IntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:IntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:IntersegmentEliminationMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:IntersegmentEliminationMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:IntersegmentEliminationMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:ServiceAndOtherMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ProductMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:ServiceAndOtherMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:ProductMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:FiosRevenuesMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:FiosRevenuesMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:FiosRevenuesMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:FiosRevenuesMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:FiosRevenuesMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:FiosRevenuesMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceMember vz:VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceMember vz:VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:WirelessServiceMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 vz:CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 vz:CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 srt:ConsolidationEliminationsMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:ConsolidationEliminationsMember 2022-01-01 2022-03-31 0000732712 us-gaap:PaymentGuaranteeMember 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:PaymentGuaranteeMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 0000732712 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:PaymentGuaranteeMember 2023-01-01 2023-03-31 shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD shares vz:segment pure iso4217:AUD vz:series iso4217:EUR vz:state vz:customerGroup vz:legalMatter vz:agreement false 2023 Q1 0000732712 --12-31 P1Y P9M P1Y 10-Q true 2023-03-31 false 1-8606 Verizon Communications Inc. DE 23-2259884 1095 Avenue of the Americas 10036 New York, NY 212 395-1000 Common Stock, par value $0.10 VZ NYSE Common Stock, par value $0.10 VZ NASDAQ 1.625% Notes due 2024 VZ 24B NYSE 4.073% Notes due 2024 VZ 24C NYSE 0.875% Notes due 2025 VZ 25 NYSE 3.25% Notes due 2026 VZ 26 NYSE 1.375% Notes due 2026 VZ 26B NYSE 0.875% Notes due 2027 VZ 27E NYSE 1.375% Notes due 2028 VZ 28 NYSE 1.125% Notes due 2028 VZ 28A NYSE 2.350% Fixed Rate Notes due 2028 VZ 28C NYSE 1.875% Notes due 2029 VZ 29B NYSE 0.375% Notes due 2029 VZ 29D NYSE 1.250% Notes due 2030 VZ 30 NYSE 1.875% Notes due 2030 VZ 30A NYSE 4.250% Notes due 2030 VZ 30D NYSE 2.625% Notes due 2031 VZ 31 NYSE 2.500% Notes due 2031 VZ 31A NYSE 3.000% Fixed Rate Notes due 2031 VZ 31D NYSE 0.875% Notes due 2032 VZ 32 NYSE 0.750% Notes due 2032 VZ 32A NYSE 1.300% Notes due 2033 VZ 33B NYSE 4.75% Notes due 2034 VZ 34 NYSE 4.750% Notes due 2034 VZ 34C NYSE 3.125% Notes due 2035 VZ 35 NYSE 1.125% Notes due 2035 VZ 35A NYSE 3.375% Notes due 2036 VZ 36A NYSE 2.875% Notes due 2038 VZ 38B NYSE 1.875% Notes due 2038 VZ 38C NYSE 1.500% Notes due 2039 VZ 39C NYSE 3.50% Fixed Rate Notes due 2039 VZ 39D NYSE 1.850% Notes due 2040 VZ 40 NYSE 3.850% Fixed Rate Notes due 2041 VZ 41C NYSE Yes Yes Large Accelerated Filer false false false 4203991483 27152000000 27218000000 5760000000 6336000000 32912000000 33554000000 7078000000 7227000000 6426000000 7123000000 7506000000 7172000000 4318000000 4236000000 25328000000 25758000000 7584000000 7796000000 9000000 -3000000 114000000 -924000000 1207000000 786000000 6500000000 6083000000 1482000000 1372000000 5018000000 4711000000 109000000 131000000 4909000000 4580000000 5018000000 4711000000 1.17 1.09 4207000000 4201000000 1.17 1.09 4211000000 4202000000 5018000000 4711000000 -3000000 6000000 26000000 -29000000 7000000 72000000 21000000 207000000 -103000000 0 -302000000 0 1000000 -5000000 4000000 -18000000 15000000 48000000 61000000 139000000 -312000000 21000000 4706000000 4732000000 109000000 131000000 4597000000 4601000000 4706000000 4732000000 2234000000 2605000000 23748000000 25332000000 892000000 826000000 22856000000 24506000000 2381000000 2388000000 8251000000 8358000000 35722000000 37857000000 310519000000 307689000000 203532000000 200255000000 106987000000 107434000000 1052000000 1071000000 150485000000 149796000000 28674000000 28671000000 11246000000 11461000000 25947000000 26130000000 17603000000 17260000000 377716000000 379680000000 12081000000 9963000000 19273000000 23977000000 4177000000 4134000000 12237000000 12097000000 47768000000 50171000000 140772000000 140676000000 12750000000 12974000000 43667000000 43441000000 21303000000 21558000000 17237000000 18397000000 235729000000 237046000000 0.10 0.10 250000000 250000000 0 0 0 0 0.10 0.10 6250000000 6250000000 4291433646 4291433646 429000000 429000000 13523000000 13420000000 84543000000 82380000000 -2177000000 -1865000000 87442163 91572258 3832000000 4013000000 397000000 793000000 1336000000 1319000000 94219000000 92463000000 377716000000 379680000000 5018000000 4711000000 4318000000 4236000000 54000000 -210000000 331000000 627000000 530000000 328000000 -10000000 -7000000 774000000 3492000000 -1198000000 614000000 8289000000 6821000000 5958000000 5821000000 598000000 1838000000 -367000000 277000000 -79000000 59000000 -6110000000 -7995000000 504000000 3604000000 1754000000 3545000000 342000000 3791000000 1325000000 6556000000 931000000 1650000000 2744000000 2654000000 17000000 165000000 -2383000000 245000000 -204000000 -929000000 4111000000 4161000000 3907000000 3232000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 1. Basis of Presentation</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries (together with the Company, collectively, Verizon), is one of the world’s leading providers of communications, technology, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers’ demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States (U.S.) and based upon Securities and Exchange Commission rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and certain other information, you should refer to the financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. These financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations and financial condition for the interim periods shown, including normal recurring accruals and other items. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the first quarter of 2023, Verizon reorganized the customer groups within its Business segment</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">. See Note 10 for additional information.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Earnings Per Common Share</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">There were a total of approximately 3.6 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of performance stock units and restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three months ended March 31, 2023. There were a total of approximately 1.5 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three months ended March 31, 2022. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates quoted market value and includes amounts held in money market funds.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash are included in the following line items in the condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></div><div style="text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.269%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:52.066%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.658%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.536%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.774%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.536%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr style="height:11pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" rowspan="2" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Increase / (Decrease)</span></td></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash and cash equivalents</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,234</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,605 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(371)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Restricted cash:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,509</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,343 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">166 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">164</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">163 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,907</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,111 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(204)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States (U.S.) and based upon Securities and Exchange Commission rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and certain other information, you should refer to the financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. These financial statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations and financial condition for the interim periods shown, including normal recurring accruals and other items. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation. 3600000 1500000 <div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates quoted market value and includes amounts held in money market funds.</span></div>Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash are included in the following line items in the condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></div><div style="text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.269%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:52.066%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.658%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.536%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.774%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.536%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr style="height:11pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" rowspan="2" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Increase / (Decrease)</span></td></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash and cash equivalents</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,234</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,605 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(371)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Restricted cash:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,509</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,343 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">166 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">164</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">163 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,907</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,111 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(204)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash are included in the following line items in the condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></div><div style="text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.269%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:52.066%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.658%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.536%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.774%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.536%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr style="height:11pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" rowspan="2" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Increase / (Decrease)</span></td></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash and cash equivalents</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,234</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,605 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(371)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Restricted cash:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,509</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,343 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">166 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">164</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">163 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,907</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,111 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(204)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 2234000000 2605000000 -371000000 1509000000 1343000000 166000000 164000000 163000000 1000000 3907000000 4111000000 -204000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 2. Revenues and Contract Costs</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We earn revenue from contracts with customers, primarily through the provision of telecommunications and other services and through the sale of wireless equipment. </span></div><div style="padding-right:4.5pt;text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Revenue by Category</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Software as a Service (SaaS), and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 10 for additional information on revenue by segment. Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captive revenues.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We also earn revenues that are not accounted for under Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (Topic 606) from leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement. As allowed by the practical expedient within ASU 2016-02, "Leases" (Topic 842), we have elected to combine the lease and non-lease components for those arrangements of customer premise equipment where we are the lessor as components accounted for under Topic 606. During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, revenues from arrangements that were not accounted for under Topic 606 were approximately $749 million and $830 million, respectively.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Remaining Performance Obligations</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">When allocating the total contract transaction price to identified performance obligations, a portion of the total transaction price may relate to service performance obligations which were not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period. Below we disclose information relating to these unsatisfied performance obligations. We apply the practical expedient available under Topic 606 that provides the option to exclude the expected revenues arising from unsatisfied performance obligations related to contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less. This situation primarily arises with respect to certain month-to-month service contracts. At March 31, 2023, month-to-month service contracts represented approximately 94% of our wireless postpaid contracts and approximately 92% of our wireline Consumer and Business Markets and SaaS contracts, compared to March 31, 2022, for which month-to-month service contracts represented approximately 94% of our wireless postpaid contracts and 88% of our wireline Consumer and our Business Markets and SaaS contracts</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Additionally, certain contracts provide customers the option to purchase additional services. The fees related to these additional services are recognized when the customer exercises the option (typically on a month-to-month basis). </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Contracts for wireless services, with or without promotional credits that require maintenance of service, are generally either month-to-month and cancellable at any time, or considered to contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to thirty-six months (typically under a device payment plan), or contain terms ranging from greater than one month to up to twenty-four months (typically under a fixed-term plan). Additionally, customers may incur charges based on usage or additional optional services purchased in conjunction with entering into a contract that can be cancelled at any time and therefore are not included in the transaction price. The transaction price allocated to service performance obligations, which are not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period, are generally related to contracts that are not accounted for as month-to-month contracts.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Our Consumer group customers also include traditional wholesale resellers that purchase and resell wireless service under their own brands to their respective customers. Reseller arrangements generally include a stated contract term, which typically extends longer than two years and, in some cases, include a periodic minimum revenue commitment over the contract term for which revenues will be recognized in future periods. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Consumer customer contracts for wireline services are generally month-to-month; however, they may have a service term of two years or shorter than twelve months. Certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services extend into future periods, contain fixed monthly fees and usage-based fees, and can include annual commitments in each year of the contract or commitments over the entire specified contract term; however, a significant number of contracts for wireline services with our Business customers have a contract term that is twelve months or less. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Additionally, there are certain contracts with Business customers for wireline services that have a contractual minimum fee over the total contract term. We cannot predict the time period when revenue will be recognized related to those contracts; thus, they are excluded from the time bands below. These contracts have varying terms spanning over approximately nine years ending in April 2032 and have aggregate contract minimum payments totaling $1.4 billion. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">At March 31, 2023, the transaction price related to unsatisfied performance obligations that are expected to be recognized for the remainder of 2023, 2024 and thereafter was $17.8 billion, $17.3 billion and $11.4 billion, respectively. Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations and changes in the timing and scope of contracts, arising from contract modifications.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Accounts Receivable and Contract Balances</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to our customers. Receivables presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets represent an unconditional right to consideration. Contract balances represent amounts from an arrangement when either Verizon has performed, by transferring goods or services to the customer in advance of receiving all or partial consideration for such goods and services from the customer, or the customer has made payment to Verizon in advance of obtaining control of the goods and/or services promised to the customer in the contract.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Contract assets primarily relate to our rights to consideration for goods or services provided to customers but for which we do not have an unconditional right at the reporting date. Under a fixed-term plan, total contract revenue is allocated between wireless service and equipment revenues. In conjunction with these arrangements, a contract asset is created, which represents the difference between the amount of equipment revenue recognized upon sale and the amount of consideration received from the customer when the performance obligation related to the transfer of control of the equipment is satisfied. The contract asset is reclassified to accounts receivable as wireless services are provided and billed. We have the right to bill the customer as service is provided over time, which results in our right to the payment being unconditional. The contract asset balances are presented in </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">our condensed consolidated balance sheets as Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management’s expectation of the asset’s collectability.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Contract liabilities arise when we bill our customers and receive consideration in advance of providing the goods or services promised in the contract. We typically bill service one month in advance, which is the primary component of the contract liability balance. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The contract liability balances are presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as Other current liabilities and Other liabilities.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents information about receivables from contracts with customers: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:36.473%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.666%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,969</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,274</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">10,419 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">10,758 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16,955</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16,648</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,478 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">12,888 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Balances do not include receivables related to the following contracts: leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Included in device payment plan agreement receivables presented in Note 6. Receivables derived from the sale of equipment on a device payment plan through an authorized agent are excluded.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents information about contract balances: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:36.473%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.666%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Contract asset</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">777</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">863</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">909 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">934 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Contract liability</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8,423</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8,234</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,504 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,229 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing at January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2022 were $4.3 billion for both the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. </span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The balances of contract assets and contract liabilities recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:68.052%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.668%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">580</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">656 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">197</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">207 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">777</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">863 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other current liabilities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,693</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,583 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other liabilities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,730</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,651 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8,423</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8,234 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Contract Costs</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Topic 606 requires the recognition of an asset for incremental costs to obtain a customer contract, which are then amortized to expense over the respective periods of expected benefit. We recognize an asset for incremental commission expenses paid to internal and external sales personnel and agents in conjunction with obtaining customer contracts. We only defer these costs when we have determined the commissions are incremental costs that would not have been incurred absent the customer contract and are expected to be recoverable. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized and recorded ratably as commission expense over the period representing the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate. Costs to obtain wireless contracts are amortized over both of our Consumer and Business customers' estimated upgrade cycles, as such costs are typically incurred each time a customer upgrades. Costs to obtain wireline contracts are amortized as expense over the estimated customer relationship period for our Consumer customers. Incremental costs to obtain wireline contracts for our Business customers are insignificant. Costs to obtain contracts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We also defer costs incurred to fulfill contracts that: (1) relate directly to the contract; (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligation under the contract; and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Contract fulfillment costs are expensed as we satisfy our performance obligations and recorded in Cost of services. These costs principally relate to direct costs that enhance our wireline business resources, such as costs incurred to install circuits. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We determine the amortization periods for our costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a customer contract at a portfolio level due to the similarities within these customer contract portfolios.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other costs, such as general costs or costs related to past performance obligations, are expensed as incurred.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Collectively, costs to obtain a contract and costs to fulfill a contract are referred to as deferred contract costs, and amortized over a <span style="-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmE5MmExMDE0ZTgyYzQ3YmE5NWI4NDdiNmUyYzhmM2UwL3NlYzphOTJhMTAxNGU4MmM0N2JhOTViODQ3YjZlMmM4ZjNlMF8zNy9mcmFnOmQwNTFiZjJhNzNjZDRmYmViZjc1MTE3NjVhYzliNmIwL3RleHRyZWdpb246ZDA1MWJmMmE3M2NkNGZiZWJmNzUxMTc2NWFjOWI2YjBfMTEyMzM_4e6fb7c7-859a-41f1-bc01-05ff3dab6b6f">one</span>-to seven-year period. Deferred contract costs are classified as current or non-current within Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets, respectively. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The balances of deferred contract costs included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:68.052%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.668%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,629</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,629 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,453</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,475 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">5,082</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">5,104 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">For the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we recognized expense of $795 million and $749 million, respectively, associated with the amortization of deferred contract costs, primarily within Selling, general and administrative expense in our condensed consolidated statements of income.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We assess our deferred contract costs for impairment on a quarterly basis. We recognize an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount of a deferred cost exceeds the remaining amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the goods and services related to the cost, less the expected costs related directly to providing those goods and services that have not yet been recognized as expenses. There have been no impairment charges recognized for the three months ended March 31, 2023 or March 31, 2022.</span></div> <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We earn revenue from contracts with customers, primarily through the provision of telecommunications and other services and through the sale of wireless equipment. </span></div><div style="padding-right:4.5pt;text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Revenue by Category</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units, Consumer and Business. Revenue is disaggregated by products and services within Consumer, and customer groups (Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and Software as a Service (SaaS), and Wholesale) within Business. See Note 10 for additional information on revenue by segment. Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captive revenues.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We also earn revenues that are not accounted for under Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (Topic 606) from leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an </span></div>authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement. As allowed by the practical expedient within ASU 2016-02, "Leases" (Topic 842), we have elected to combine the lease and non-lease components for those arrangements of customer premise equipment where we are the lessor as components accounted for under Topic 606.Remaining Performance ObligationsWhen allocating the total contract transaction price to identified performance obligations, a portion of the total transaction price may relate to service performance obligations which were not satisfied or are partially satisfied as of the end of the reporting period. Below we disclose information relating to these unsatisfied performance obligations. We apply the practical expedient available under Topic 606 that provides the option to exclude the expected revenues arising from unsatisfied performance obligations related to contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less. This situation primarily arises with respect to certain month-to-month service contracts.<div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Accounts Receivable and Contract Balances</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to our customers. Receivables presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets represent an unconditional right to consideration. Contract balances represent amounts from an arrangement when either Verizon has performed, by transferring goods or services to the customer in advance of receiving all or partial consideration for such goods and services from the customer, or the customer has made payment to Verizon in advance of obtaining control of the goods and/or services promised to the customer in the contract.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Contract assets primarily relate to our rights to consideration for goods or services provided to customers but for which we do not have an unconditional right at the reporting date. Under a fixed-term plan, total contract revenue is allocated between wireless service and equipment revenues. In conjunction with these arrangements, a contract asset is created, which represents the difference between the amount of equipment revenue recognized upon sale and the amount of consideration received from the customer when the performance obligation related to the transfer of control of the equipment is satisfied. The contract asset is reclassified to accounts receivable as wireless services are provided and billed. We have the right to bill the customer as service is provided over time, which results in our right to the payment being unconditional. The contract asset balances are presented in </span></div>our condensed consolidated balance sheets as Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets. We recognize the allowance for credit losses at inception and reassess quarterly based on management’s expectation of the asset’s collectability.Contract liabilities arise when we bill our customers and receive consideration in advance of providing the goods or services promised in the contract. We typically bill service one month in advance, which is the primary component of the contract liability <div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Contract Costs</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Topic 606 requires the recognition of an asset for incremental costs to obtain a customer contract, which are then amortized to expense over the respective periods of expected benefit. We recognize an asset for incremental commission expenses paid to internal and external sales personnel and agents in conjunction with obtaining customer contracts. We only defer these costs when we have determined the commissions are incremental costs that would not have been incurred absent the customer contract and are expected to be recoverable. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized and recorded ratably as commission expense over the period representing the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate. Costs to obtain wireless contracts are amortized over both of our Consumer and Business customers' estimated upgrade cycles, as such costs are typically incurred each time a customer upgrades. Costs to obtain wireline contracts are amortized as expense over the estimated customer relationship period for our Consumer customers. Incremental costs to obtain wireline contracts for our Business customers are insignificant. Costs to obtain contracts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We also defer costs incurred to fulfill contracts that: (1) relate directly to the contract; (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligation under the contract; and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Contract fulfillment costs are expensed as we satisfy our performance obligations and recorded in Cost of services. These costs principally relate to direct costs that enhance our wireline business resources, such as costs incurred to install circuits. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We determine the amortization periods for our costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a customer contract at a portfolio level due to the similarities within these customer contract portfolios.</span></div>Other costs, such as general costs or costs related to past performance obligations, are expensed as incurred.We assess our deferred contract costs for impairment on a quarterly basis. We recognize an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount of a deferred cost exceeds the remaining amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the goods and services related to the cost, less the expected costs related directly to providing those goods and services that have not yet been recognized as expenses. 2 749000000 830000000 0.94 0.92 0.94 0.88 P1M P36M P1M P24M P2Y P2Y P12M P12M P9Y 1400000000 17800000000 17300000000 11400000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents information about receivables from contracts with customers: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:36.473%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.666%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,969</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,274</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">10,419 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">10,758 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16,955</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16,648</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,478 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">12,888 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Balances do not include receivables related to the following contracts: leasing arrangements (such as those for towers and equipment), captive reinsurance arrangements primarily related to wireless device insurance and the interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Included in device payment plan agreement receivables presented in Note 6. Receivables derived from the sale of equipment on a device payment plan through an authorized agent are excluded.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents information about contract balances: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:36.473%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.666%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At January 1,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Contract asset</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">777</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">863</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">909 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">934 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Contract liability</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8,423</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8,234</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,504 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,229 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing at January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2022 were $4.3 billion for both the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. </span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The balances of contract assets and contract liabilities recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:68.052%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.668%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">580</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">656 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">197</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">207 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">777</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">863 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other current liabilities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,693</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,583 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other liabilities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,730</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,651 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8,423</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8,234 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 9969000000 11274000000 10419000000 10758000000 16955000000 16648000000 13478000000 12888000000 777000000 863000000 909000000 934000000 8423000000 8234000000 7504000000 7229000000 4300000000 4300000000 580000000 656000000 197000000 207000000 777000000 863000000 6693000000 6583000000 1730000000 1651000000 8423000000 8234000000 P7Y <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The balances of deferred contract costs included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:68.052%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.250%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:13.668%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,629</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,629 </span></td><td style="padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,453</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,475 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">5,082</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">5,104 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 2629000000 2629000000 2453000000 2475000000 5082000000 5104000000 795000000 749000000 0 0 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Spectrum License Transactions</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In February 2021, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) concluded Auction 107 for C-Band wireless spectrum. In accordance with the rules applicable to the auction, Verizon is required to make payments for our allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction, which are estimated to be $7.7 billion. During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we made payments of $114 million and $1.4 billion, respectively, for obligations related to clearing costs and accelerated clearing incentives. We expect to continue to make payments related to clearing cost and incentive payment obligations through 2024, which we expect to be $4.7 billion. These payments are dependent on the incumbent license holders' accelerated clearing of the spectrum for Verizon’s use and, therefore, the final timing and amounts could differ based on the incumbent holders’ execution of their clearing process. In accordance with the FCC order, the clearing must be completed by December 2025. The carrying value of the wireless spectrum won in Auction 107 consists of all payments required to participate and purchase licenses in the auction, including Verizon’s allocable share of clearing costs incurred by, and incentive payments due to, the incumbent license holders associated with the auction that we are obligated to pay in order to acquire the licenses, as well as capitalized interest to the extent qualifying activities have occurred. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In March 2022, Verizon signed agreements with satellite operators in which operators agreed to clear C-Band spectrum in certain markets and frequencies ahead of the previously expected timeframe. This early clearance accelerated Verizon's access to more spectrum in a number of key markets to support its fifth-generation (5G) network initiatives.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">TracFone Wireless, Inc.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">On November 23, 2021 (the Acquisition Date), we completed the acquisition of TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone), a leading provider of prepaid and value mobile services in the U.S. Verizon acquired all of TracFone's outstanding stock in exchange for approximately $3.5 billion in cash, net of cash acquired and working capital and other adjustments, 57,596,544 shares of Verizon common stock valued at approximately $3.0 billion, and up to an additional $650 million in future cash contingent consideration related to the achievement of certain performance measures and other commercial arrangements. The fair value of the Verizon common stock was determined on the basis of its closing market price on the Acquisition Date. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date was approximately $560 million and represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. See Note 7 for additional information. The contingent consideration payable is based on the achievement of certain revenue and operational targets, measured over a two-year earn out period. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, Verizon made a payment of $102 million related to the contingent consideration, which is reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Contingent consideration payments are expected to continue through 2024.</span></div> 7700000000 114000000 1400000000 4700000000 3500000000 57596544 3000000000 650000000 560000000 P2Y 102000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 4. Wireless Licenses, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Wireless Licenses</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The carrying amounts of our Wireless licenses are as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:67.613%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.543%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.544%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Wireless licenses</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">150,485</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">149,796 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">At March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately $38.9 billion and $53.2 billion, respectively, of wireless licenses were under development for commercial service for which we were capitalizing interest costs. We recorded approximately $449 million and $452 million of capitalized interest on wireless licenses for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we renewed various wireless licenses in accordance with FCC regulations. The average renewal period for these licenses was 15 years.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Goodwill</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:56.817%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.870%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:9.017%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.724%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.873%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at January 1, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21,142</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,502</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">27</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">28,671</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Reclassifications, adjustments and other</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at March 31, 2023</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21,142</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,505</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">27</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">28,674</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Other Intangible Assets</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table displays the composition of Other intangible assets, net as well as the respective amortization periods:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:23.753%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.034%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.034%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.034%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.605%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="15" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="15" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31, 2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Gross<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Accumulated<br/>Amortization</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Net<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Gross<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accumulated<br/>Amortization</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Net<br/>Amount</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Customer lists (5 to 13 years)</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,335</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,776)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,559</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,335 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(1,646)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,689 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Non-network internal-use software (7 years)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">23,838</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(16,835)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,003</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">23,421 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(16,397)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,024 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other (4 to 25 years)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,817</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,133)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,684</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,806 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(1,058)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,748 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">30,990</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(19,744)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,246</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30,562 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(19,101)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">11,461 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The amortization expense for Other intangible assets was as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.455%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:18.345%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">647</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">635 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:13.5pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-13.5pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The estimated future amortization expense for Other intangible assets for the remainder of the current year and next 5 years is as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.455%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:18.345%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Years</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Remainder of 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,903 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2024</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,317 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2025</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,121 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2026</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,879 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2027</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,318 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2028</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">902 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The carrying amounts of our Wireless licenses are as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:67.613%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.543%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.544%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Wireless licenses</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">150,485</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">149,796 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 150485000000 149796000000 38900000000 53200000000 449000000 452000000 P15Y <div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:56.817%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.870%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:9.017%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.724%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.873%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at January 1, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21,142</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,502</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">27</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">28,671</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Reclassifications, adjustments and other</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at March 31, 2023</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21,142</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,505</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">27</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">28,674</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 21142000000 7502000000 27000000 28671000000 0 3000000 0 3000000 21142000000 7505000000 27000000 28674000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table displays the composition of Other intangible assets, net as well as the respective amortization periods:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:23.753%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.034%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.034%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.034%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.605%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="15" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="15" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31, 2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Gross<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Accumulated<br/>Amortization</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Net<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Gross<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accumulated<br/>Amortization</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Net<br/>Amount</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Customer lists (5 to 13 years)</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,335</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,776)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,559</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,335 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(1,646)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,689 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Non-network internal-use software (7 years)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">23,838</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(16,835)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,003</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">23,421 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(16,397)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,024 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other (4 to 25 years)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,817</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,133)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,684</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,806 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(1,058)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,748 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">30,990</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(19,744)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,246</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30,562 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(19,101)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">11,461 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> P5Y P13Y 4335000000 1776000000 2559000000 4335000000 1646000000 2689000000 P7Y 23838000000 16835000000 7003000000 23421000000 16397000000 7024000000 P4Y P25Y 2817000000 1133000000 1684000000 2806000000 1058000000 1748000000 30990000000 19744000000 11246000000 30562000000 19101000000 11461000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The amortization expense for Other intangible assets was as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.455%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:18.345%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">647</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">635 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 647000000 635000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The estimated future amortization expense for Other intangible assets for the remainder of the current year and next 5 years is as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.455%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:18.345%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Years</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Remainder of 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,903 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2024</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,317 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2025</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,121 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2026</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,879 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2027</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,318 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2028</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">902 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 1903000000 2317000000 2121000000 1879000000 1318000000 902000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 5. Debt</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Significant Debt Transactions</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Debt or equity financing may be needed to fund additional investments or development activities or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">The following table shows the significant transactions involving the senior unsecured debt securities of Verizon and its subsidiaries that occurred during the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> months ended March 31, 2023.</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Repayments and Repurchases</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:63.081%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.443%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.446%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Principal Repaid/ Repurchased </span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Amount Paid </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Verizon 3.500% notes and floating rate notes due 2023 </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">A$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,050</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">850</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Open market repurchases of various Verizon notes </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">260</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">190</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,040</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Represents amount paid to repay or repurchase, including any accrued interest. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, amount paid is shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> U.S. dollar amount paid represents the amount payable at maturity per the derivatives entered into in connection with the transaction. See Note 7 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the repayment. </span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Short-Term Borrowing and Commercial Paper Program</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In March 2023, we entered into and fully drew from a $500 million short-term revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2023, the $500 million borrowed under the facility remains outstanding.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended March 31, 2023, we issued $4.9 billion in commercial paper and we repaid $4.6 billion of commercial paper. As of March 31, 2023, we had $500 million of commercial paper outstanding. These transactions are reflected within Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Asset-Backed Debt</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">As of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">$20.8 billion</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">. </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">Our asset-backed debt includes Asset-Backed Notes (ABS Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (ABS Financing Facilities) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed debt bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity, or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, Cellco Partnership (Cellco), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and certain other Company affiliates (collectively, the Originators) transfer device payment plan agreement receivables and certain other receivables (collectively referred to as certain receivables) to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests and residual interests, as applicable, in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred receivables and future collections on such receivables. These receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of certain receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon’s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt, but do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, the Company has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco and the Originators to the ABS Entities. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Cash collections on the receivables collateralizing our asset-backed debt securities are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued is included in Debt maturing within one year and Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt;padding-right:4.5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">ABS Notes</span></div><div style="padding-right:4.5pt;text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, we completed the following ABS Notes transactions:</span></div><div style="padding-right:4.5pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:46.560%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:15.420%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:2.577%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:15.420%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:15.423%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Interest Rates %</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Expected Weighted-average Life to Maturity (in years)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Principal Amount Issued</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">January 2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">A Senior class notes</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4.490</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2.98</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">891</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">B Junior class notes</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4.740</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2.98</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">C Junior class notes</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4.980</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2.98</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">41</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">932</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Under the terms of each series of ABS Notes outstanding as of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023,</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> there is a revolving period of 18 months, two years or up to three years, as applicable, during which we may transfer additional receivables to the ABS Entity. During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, we made aggregate principal repayments of $931 million on ABS Notes that have entered the amortization period, including principal payments made in connection with any clean-up redemptions.</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In April 2023, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of two series of senior and junior ABS Notes, with a blended interest rate of approximately 4.751% and 4.911%, through an ABS Entity. In April 2023, in connection with an optional acquisition of receivables and redemption of ABS Notes, we made a principal payment, in whole, for $104 million.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">ABS Financing Facilities </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In March 2023, we borrowed an additional $325 million under the loan agreements outstanding in connection with the ABS Financing Facility that we originally entered into in 2021 and previously renewed in 2022 (2021 ABS Financing Facility). The aggregate outstanding balance under the 2021 ABS Financing Facility was $8.3 billion as of March 31, 2023. </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In April 2023, we prepaid an aggregate of $700 million of the loan agreements outstanding in connection with the 2021 ABS Financing Facility.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In March 2023, we borrowed an additional $500 million under the loan agreement outstanding in connection with the ABS Financing Facility that we originally entered into in 2022 (2022 ABS Financing Facility).</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">T</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">he aggregate outstanding balance under the 2022 ABS Financing Facility was $2.5 billion as of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The ABS Entities meet the definition of a VIE for which we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary as we have both the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the entity. Therefore, the assets, liabilities and activities of the ABS Entities are consolidated in our financial results and are included in amounts presented on the face of our condensed consolidated balance sheets.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The assets and liabilities related to our asset-backed debt arrangements included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">14,255</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,906 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,573</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,409 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,011</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">9,894 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts payable and accrued liabilities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">23</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">22 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Debt maturing within one year</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,409</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,809 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Long-term debt</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">14,426</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,199 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">See </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Note 6</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> for additional information on certain receivables used to secure asset-backed debt.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Long-Term Credit Facilities </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:45.829%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.624%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Maturities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Facility Capacity</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unused Capacity </span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Principal Amount Outstanding </span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Verizon revolving credit facility </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2026</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,500</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,438</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Various export credit facilities </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2024 - 2031</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,000</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">486</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,985</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">20,500</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,924</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,985</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit. </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">As of </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, there have been no drawings against the $9.5 billion revolving credit facility since its inception.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we drew down</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> $515 million and $2.0 billion</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, respectively, from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt;padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Non-Cash Transactions</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> and 2022, we financed, primarily through alternative financing arrangements, the purchase of approximately $284 million and $150 million, respectively, of long-lived assets consisting primarily of network equipment. As of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> and December 31, 2022, $1.9 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively, relating to these financing arrangements, including those entered into in prior years and liabilities assumed through acquisitions, remained outstanding. These purchases are non-cash financing activities and therefore are not reflected within Capital expenditures in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Net Debt Extinguishment Gains (Losses)</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023, we recorded debt extinguishment gains of $70 million. </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> March 31, 2022, we recorded debt extinguishment losses of $1.2 billion.</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> The gains and losses are recorded in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The total gains and losses are reflected </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">within Other, net cash flow from operating activities,</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> and the portion of the gains and losses representing cash payments are reflected within Other, net cash flow from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Guarantees</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. As of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, $614 million aggregate principal amount of these obligations remained outstanding. Each guarantee will remain in place for the life of the obligation unless terminated pursuant to its terms, including the operating telephone company no longer being a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Debt Covenants </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our restrictive covenants in our debt agreements.</span></div> <span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">The following table shows the significant transactions involving the senior unsecured debt securities of Verizon and its subsidiaries that occurred during the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> months ended March 31, 2023.</span><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Repayments and Repurchases</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:63.081%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.443%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.446%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Principal Repaid/ Repurchased </span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Amount Paid </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Verizon 3.500% notes and floating rate notes due 2023 </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">A$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,050</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">850</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Open market repurchases of various Verizon notes </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">260</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">190</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,040</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Represents amount paid to repay or repurchase, including any accrued interest. In addition, for securities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, amount paid is shown on a U.S. dollar equivalent basis.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> U.S. dollar amount paid represents the amount payable at maturity per the derivatives entered into in connection with the transaction. See Note 7 for additional information on cross currency swap transactions related to the repayment. </span></div><div style="padding-right:4.5pt;text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, we completed the following ABS Notes transactions:</span></div><div style="padding-right:4.5pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:46.560%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:15.420%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:2.577%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:15.420%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:15.423%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Interest Rates %</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Expected Weighted-average Life to Maturity (in years)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Principal Amount Issued</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">January 2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">A Senior class notes</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4.490</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2.98</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">891</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">B Junior class notes</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4.740</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2.98</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">C Junior class notes</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4.980</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2.98</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">41</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">932</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 0.03500 1050000000 850000000 260000000 190000000 1040000000 500000000 500000000 500000000 4900000000 4600000000 500000000 20800000000 0.04490 P2Y11M23D 891000000 0.04740 P2Y11M23D 0 0.04980 P2Y11M23D 41000000 932000000 P18M P2Y P3Y 931000000 1200000000 2 0.04751 0.04911 104000000 325000000 8300000000 700000000 500000000 2500000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The assets and liabilities related to our asset-backed debt arrangements included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">14,255</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,906 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,573</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,409 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,011</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">9,894 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts payable and accrued liabilities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">23</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">22 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Debt maturing within one year</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,409</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,809 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Long-term debt</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">14,426</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,199 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 14255000000 13906000000 1573000000 1409000000 11011000000 9894000000 23000000 22000000 6409000000 6809000000 14426000000 13199000000 <div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Long-Term Credit Facilities </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:45.829%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.624%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Maturities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Facility Capacity</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unused Capacity </span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Principal Amount Outstanding </span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Verizon revolving credit facility </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2026</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,500</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,438</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Various export credit facilities </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2024 - 2031</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11,000</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">486</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,985</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">20,500</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9,924</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,985</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> The revolving credit facility does not require us to comply with financial covenants or maintain specified credit ratings, and it permits us to borrow even if our business has incurred a material adverse change. The revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit. </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">As of </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, there have been no drawings against the $9.5 billion revolving credit facility since its inception.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> During the </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we drew down</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> $515 million and $2.0 billion</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, respectively, from these facilities. Borrowings under certain of these facilities are amortized semi-annually in equal installments up to the applicable maturity dates. Maturities reflect maturity dates of principal amounts outstanding. Any amounts borrowed under these facilities and subsequently repaid cannot be reborrowed.</span></div> 9500000000 9438000000 0 11000000000 486000000 6985000000 20500000000 9924000000 6985000000 0 9500000000 515000000 2000000000 284000000 150000000 1900000000 1700000000 70000000 -1200000000 614000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 6. Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents information about accounts receivable, net of allowances, recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheet:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:45.752%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.637%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.637%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.637%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.641%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="21" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Wireless<br/>service</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Other receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,065 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,989 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">5,694 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">23,748 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Less Allowance for credit losses</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">478 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">179 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">235 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">892 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable, net of allowance</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12,587</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,810</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">5,459</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">22,856</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other receivables primarily include wireline receivables and other receivables, the allowances for which are individually insignificant.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">Included in Other assets and Accounts receivable at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, are net device payment plan agreement receivables and net wireless service receivables of $25.1 billion and $23.6 billion, respectively, which have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 5 for additional information. We believe the carrying value of these receivables approximate their fair value using a Level 3 expected cash flow model.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Under the Verizon device payment program, our eligible wireless customers purchase wireless devices under a device payment plan agreement. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program pay lower service fees as compared to those under our fixed-term service plans, and their device payment plan charge is included on their wireless monthly bill. We no longer offer Consumer customers new fixed-term, subsidized service plans for devices; however, we continue to offer subsidized plans to our Business customers. We also continue to service existing plans for customers who have not yet purchased and activated devices under the Verizon device payment program.</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Wireless Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table displays device payment plan agreement receivables, net, recognized in our condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, gross</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,586</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">26,188 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unamortized imputed interest</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(538)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(479)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,048</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">25,709 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Allowance </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(932)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(881)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">25,116</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">24,828 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Classified in our condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12,587</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">12,929 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12,529</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">11,899 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">25,116</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">24,828 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">For indirect channel wireless contracts with customers, we impute risk adjusted interest on the device payment plan agreement receivables. We record the imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts receivable. The associated interest income, which is included within Service revenues and other in our condensed consolidated statements of income, is recognized over the financed device payment term.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Promotions</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In connection with certain device payment plan agreements, we may offer a promotion to allow our customers to upgrade to a new device after paying down a certain specified portion of the required device payment plan agreement amount as well as trading in their device in good working order. When a customer enters into a device payment plan agreement with the right to upgrade to a new device, we account for this trade-in right as a guarantee obligation. We recognize a liability measured at fair value for the customer’s right to trade in the device which is determined by considering several factors, including the weighted-average selling prices obtained in recent resales of similar devices eligible for trade-in. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the amount of the guarantee liability was insignificant and $54 million, respectively.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We may offer certain promotions that allow a customer to trade in their owned device in connection with the purchase of a new device. Under these types of promotions, the customer receives a credit for the value of the trade-in device. At March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the amount of trade-in liability was $527 million and $562 million, respectively.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In addition, we may provide the customer with additional future billing credits that will be applied against the customer’s monthly bill as long as service is maintained. These future billing credits are accounted for as consideration payable to a customer and are included in the determination of total transaction price, resulting in a contract liability.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, net, does not reflect the trade-in liability, additional future credits or the guarantee liability.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Origination of Device Payment Plan Agreements</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">When originating device payment plan agreements, we use internal and external data sources to create a credit risk score to measure the credit quality of a customer and to determine eligibility for the device payment program. Verizon’s experience has been that the payment attributes of longer tenured customers are highly predictive for estimating their reliability to make future payments. Customers with longer tenures tend to exhibit similar risk characteristics to other customers with longer tenures, and receivables due from customers with longer tenures tend to perform better than receivables from customers that have not previously been Verizon customers. As a result of this experience, we make initial lending decisions based upon whether the customers are "established customers" or "short-tenured customers." If a Consumer customer has been a customer for 45 days or more, or if a Business customer has been a customer for 12 months or more, the customer is considered an "established customer." For established customers, the credit decision and ongoing credit monitoring processes rely on a combination of internal and external data sources. If a Consumer customer has been a customer less than 45 days, or a Business customer has been a customer for less than 12 months, the customer is considered a "short-tenured customer." For short-tenured customers, the credit decision and credit monitoring processes rely more heavily on external data sources. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Available external credit data from credit reporting agencies along with internal data are used to create custom credit risk scores for Consumer customers. The custom credit risk score is generated automatically from the applicant’s credit data using proprietary custom credit models. The credit risk score measures the likelihood that the potential customer will become severely delinquent and be disconnected for non-payment. For a small portion of short-tenured customer applications, a traditional credit report is not available from one of the national credit reporting agencies because the potential customer does not have sufficient </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">credit history. In those instances, alternative credit data is used for the risk assessment. For Business customers, we also verify the existence of the business with external data sources.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Based on the custom credit risk score, we assign each customer a credit class, each of which has specified offers of credit. This includes an account level spending limit and a maximum amount of credit allowed per device for Consumer customers or a required down payment percentage for Business customers.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Credit Quality Information</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Subsequent to origination, we assess indicators for the quality of our wireless device payment plan agreement portfolio using two models, one for new customers and one for existing customers. The model for new customers pools all Consumer and Business wireless customers based on less than 210 days as "new customers." The model for existing customers pools all Consumer and Business wireless customers based on 210 days or more as "existing customers." </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost, and gross write-offs recorded, as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, by credit quality indicator and year of origination:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:43.490%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.208%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="15" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:center"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Year of Origination</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2021 and prior</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost </span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">New customers</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">877 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,352 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">601 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,830 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Existing customers</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,977 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">14,455 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,786 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">22,218 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,854</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16,807</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,387</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,048</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Gross write-offs</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">New customers</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">12 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">144 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">28 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">184 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Existing customers</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">59 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">44 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">103 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">203</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">72</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">287</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Includes accounts that have been suspended at a point in time.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The data presented in the table above was last updated on March 31, 2023. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We assess indicators for the quality of our wireless service receivables portfolio as one overall pool. The following table presents wireless service receivables, at amortized cost, and gross write-offs recorded, as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, by year of origination: </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:57.525%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.207%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Year of Origination</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2022 and prior</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Wireless service receivables, at amortized cost</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,735 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">254 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,989 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Gross Write-offs</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">9 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">93 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">102 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The data presented in the table above was last updated on March 31, 2023.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Allowance for Credit Losses</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The credit quality indicators are used in determining the estimated amount and the timing of expected credit losses for the device payment plan agreement and wireless service receivables portfolios.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">For device payment plan agreement receivables, we record bad debt expense based on a default and loss calculation using our proprietary loss model. The expected loss rate is determined based on customer credit scores and other qualitative factors as noted above. The loss rate is assigned individually on a customer by customer basis and the custom credit scores are then aggregated by vintage and used in our proprietary loss model to calculate the weighted-average loss rate used for determining the allowance balance.</span></div><div><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We monitor the collectability of our wireless service receivables as one overall pool. Wireline service receivables are disaggregated and pooled by the following types of customers and related contracts: consumer, small and medium business, enterprise, public sector and wholesale. For wireless service receivables and wireline consumer and small and medium business receivables, the allowance is calculated based on a 12 month rolling average write-off balance multiplied by the average life-cycle of an account from billing to write-off. The risk of loss is assessed over the contractual life of the receivables and is adjusted based on the historical loss amounts for current and future conditions based on management’s qualitative considerations. For enterprise, public sector and wholesale wireline receivables, the allowance for credit losses is based on historical write-off experience and individual customer credit risk, if applicable.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Activity in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment of receivables was as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device Payment </span></div><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Plan Agreement Receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Wireless Service Plan Receivables</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at January 1, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">881</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">143</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Current period provision for expected credit losses</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">330</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">130</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Write-offs charged against the allowance</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(287)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(102)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Recoveries collected</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at March 31, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">932</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">179</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We monitor delinquency and write-off experience based on the quality of our device payment plan agreement and wireless service receivables portfolios. The extent of our collection efforts with respect to a particular customer are based on the results of our proprietary custom internal scoring models that analyze the customer’s past performance to predict the likelihood of the customer falling further delinquent. These custom scoring models assess a number of variables, including origination characteristics, customer account history and payment patterns. Since our customers’ behaviors may be impacted by general economic conditions, we analyzed whether changes in macroeconomic conditions impact our credit loss experience and have concluded that our credit loss estimates are generally not materially impacted by reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. Based on the score derived from these models, accounts are grouped by risk category to determine the collection strategy to be applied to such accounts. For device payment plan agreement receivables and wireless service receivables, we consider an account to be delinquent and in default status if there are unpaid charges remaining on the account on the day after the bill’s due date. The risk class determines the speed and severity of the collections effort including initiatives taken to facilitate customer payment.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The balance and aging of the device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost, were as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:81.356%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.444%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unbilled</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24,826</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Billed:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Current</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">989</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Past due</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">233</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,048</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents information about accounts receivable, net of allowances, recorded in our condensed consolidated balance sheet:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:45.752%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.637%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.637%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.637%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:11.641%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="21" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Wireless<br/>service</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Other receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,065 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,989 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">5,694 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">23,748 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Less Allowance for credit losses</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">478 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">179 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">235 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">892 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable, net of allowance</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12,587</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,810</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">5,459</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">22,856</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other receivables primarily include wireline receivables and other receivables, the allowances for which are individually insignificant.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table displays device payment plan agreement receivables, net, recognized in our condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, gross</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,586</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">26,188 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unamortized imputed interest</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(538)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(479)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,048</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">25,709 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Allowance </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(932)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(881)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">25,116</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">24,828 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Classified in our condensed consolidated balance sheets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Accounts receivable, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12,587</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">12,929 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12,529</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">11,899 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, net</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">25,116</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">24,828 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div>(1) Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables. 13065000000 4989000000 5694000000 23748000000 478000000 179000000 235000000 892000000 12587000000 4810000000 5459000000 22856000000 25100000000 23600000000 26586000000 26188000000 538000000 479000000 26048000000 25709000000 932000000 881000000 25116000000 24828000000 12587000000 12929000000 12529000000 11899000000 25116000000 24828000000 54000000 527000000 562000000 P45D P12M P45D P12M P210D P210D <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost, and gross write-offs recorded, as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, by credit quality indicator and year of origination:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:43.490%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.208%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="15" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:center"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Year of Origination</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2021 and prior</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost </span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">New customers</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">877 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,352 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">601 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,830 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Existing customers</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,977 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">14,455 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,786 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">22,218 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,854</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16,807</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,387</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,048</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Gross write-offs</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">New customers</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">12 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">144 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">28 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">184 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Existing customers</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">59 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">44 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">103 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 5.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">12</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">203</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">72</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">287</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Includes accounts that have been suspended at a point in time.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The data presented in the table above was last updated on March 31, 2023. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We assess indicators for the quality of our wireless service receivables portfolio as one overall pool. The following table presents wireless service receivables, at amortized cost, and gross write-offs recorded, as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, by year of origination: </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:57.525%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.207%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Year of Origination</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2022 and prior</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Wireless service receivables, at amortized cost</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,735 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">254 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,989 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Gross Write-offs</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">9 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">93 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">102 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 877000000 2352000000 601000000 3830000000 3977000000 14455000000 3786000000 22218000000 4854000000 16807000000 4387000000 26048000000 12000000 144000000 28000000 184000000 0 59000000 44000000 103000000 12000000 203000000 72000000 287000000 4735000000 254000000 4989000000 9000000 93000000 102000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Activity in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment of receivables was as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device Payment </span></div><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Plan Agreement Receivables</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Wireless Service Plan Receivables</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at January 1, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">881</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">143</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Current period provision for expected credit losses</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">330</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">130</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Write-offs charged against the allowance</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(287)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(102)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Recoveries collected</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">8</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at March 31, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">932</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">179</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Includes allowance for both short-term and long-term device payment plan agreement receivables.</span></div> 881000000 143000000 330000000 130000000 287000000 102000000 8000000 8000000 932000000 179000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The balance and aging of the device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost, were as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:81.356%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.444%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unbilled</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24,826</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Billed:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Current</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">989</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Past due</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">233</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,048</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 24826000000 989000000 233000000 26048000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 7. Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Recurring Fair Value Measurements</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2023:</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:49.779%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.632%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 1</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">59</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">59</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">47</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">47</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">292</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">292</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">252</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">252</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">726</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">726</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other current liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">862</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">862</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">325</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">325</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Contingent consideration</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">218</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">218</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,030</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,030</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,216</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,216</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,509</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">218</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,727</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022:</span></div><div style="text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:49.779%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.632%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 1</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">37 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">37 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">42 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">42 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">349 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">349 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">263 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">263 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">790 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">790 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other current liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">731 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">731 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">346 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">346 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Contingent consideration</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">274 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">274 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,902 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,902 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,295 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,295 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Contingent consideration</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">43 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">43 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8,368 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">317 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8,685 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Certain of our equity investments do not have readily determinable fair values and are excluded from the tables above. Such investments are measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer and are included in Investments in unconsolidated businesses in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of our investments without readily determinable fair values was $795 million and $804 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, there were insignificant adjustments due to observable price changes and there were insignificant impairment charges. As of March 31, 2023, cumulative adjustments due to observable price changes and impairment charges were approximately $164 million and $88 million, respectively.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Verizon has a liability for contingent consideration related to its acquisition of TracFone, completed in November 2021. The fair value is calculated using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model and represents a Level 3 measurement. Level 3 instruments include valuation based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. Subsequent to the Acquisition Date, at each reporting date, the contingent consideration liability is remeasured to fair value. During the three months ended </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">March 31, 2023, we made a payment of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">$102 million</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> related to the contingent consideration. See Note 3 for additional information.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Fixed income securities consist primarily of investments in municipal bonds. The valuation of the fixed income securities is based on the quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or identical assets in inactive markets or models that apply inputs from observable market data. The valuation determines that these securities are classified as Level 2.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Derivative contracts are valued using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of our derivative contracts and thus are classified within Level 2. We use mid-market pricing for fair value measurements of our derivative instruments. Our derivative instruments are recorded on a gross basis.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period.</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Fair Value of Short-term and Long-term Debt</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The fair value of our debt is determined using various methods, including quoted prices for identical debt instruments, which is a Level 1 measurement, as well as quoted prices for similar debt instruments with comparable terms and maturities, which is a Level 2 measurement. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The fair value of our short-term and long-term debt, excluding finance leases, was as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.561%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:37.225%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.651%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="21" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Fair Value</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Carrying<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 1</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 2</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 3</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31, 2022</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">148,906 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">84,385 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">54,656 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">139,041 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">150,971</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">86,908</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58,014</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">144,922</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Derivative Instruments</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We enter into derivative transactions primarily to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, forward starting interest rate swaps, treasury rate locks, interest rate caps, swaptions and foreign exchange forwards. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table sets forth the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:63.081%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.443%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.446%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,071</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">26,071 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">34,138</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">34,976 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">980</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">920 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following tables summarize the activities of our designated derivatives:</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:77.993%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.987%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.990%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest Rate Swaps:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value entered into</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,655 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">863 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax loss recognized in Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross Currency Swaps:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value entered into</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">838</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Pre-tax loss recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(430)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Pre-tax gain on cross currency swaps recognized in Interest expense</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">355</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Pre-tax loss on hedged debt recognized in Interest expense</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(355)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Excluded components recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(378)</span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;text-indent:-9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%"> Initial value of the excluded component amortized into Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">27</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value entered into</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">400 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax gain recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">128 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">N/A - not applicable</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Represents amounts recorded under the cash flow hedge model. These instruments were re-designated as fair value hedges on March 31, 2022.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other, net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash received for settlement of interest rate swaps</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">40 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash paid for settlement of forward starting interest rate swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(76)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other, net Cash Flows from Financing Activities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash paid for settlement of cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(117)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table displays the amounts recorded in Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges. The cumulative amounts exclude cumulative basis adjustments related to foreign exchange risk.</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Carrying amount of hedged liabilities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">22,467</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">21,741 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the hedged liabilities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(3,771)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(4,512)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment remaining for which hedge accounting has been discontinued</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">466</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">488 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Interest Rate Swaps</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We enter into interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against interest rate risk exposure of designated debt issuances. We record the interest rate swaps at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded to Interest expense, which are primarily offset by changes in the fair value of the hedged debt due to changes in interest rates.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Cross Currency Swaps</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We have entered into cross currency swaps previously designated as cash flow hedges through March 31, 2022 to exchange our British Pound Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars and to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. A portion of the loss recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) was reclassified to Interest expense to offset the related pre-tax foreign currency transaction gain or loss on the underlying hedged item. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">On March 31, 2022, we elected to de-designate our cross currency swaps as cash flow hedges and re-designated these swaps as fair value hedges. For these hedges, we have elected to exclude the change in fair value of the cross currency swaps related to both time value and cross currency basis spread from the assessment of hedge effectiveness (the excluded components). The initial value of the excluded components of $1.0 billion as of March 31, 2022 will continue to be amortized into Interest expense over the remaining life of the hedging instruments. We estimate that $109 million will be amortized into Interest expense within the next 12 months.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In addition to the previously mentioned cross currency swaps, we have executed additional cross currency swaps to exchange Euro-denominated cash flows into U.S. dollars to fix our cash payments in U.S. dollars. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges. We record the cross currency swaps at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the cross currency swaps attributable to changes in the spot rate of the hedged item and changes in the recorded value of the hedged debt due to changes in spot rates are recorded in the same income statement line item. We present exchange gains and losses from the conversion of foreign currency denominated debt as a part of Interest expense. During the three </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">months ended March 31, 2023</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, these amounts completely offset each other and no net gain or loss was recorded. </span></div><div><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Changes in the fair value of cross currency swaps attributable to time value and cross currency basis spread are initially recorded to Other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized gains or losses on excluded components are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized into Interest expense on a systematic and rational basis through the swap accrual over the life of the hedging instrument. The amount remaining in Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to cash flow hedges on the date of transition will be reclassified to earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings or when it becomes probable that the forecasted transactions will not occur. During the three</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> months ended March 31, 2023</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">, the amortization of the initial value of the excluded component completely offset the amortization related to the amount remaining in Other comprehensive income (loss) related to cash flow hedges. See Note 9 for additional information.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">From time to time we enter into forward starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges in order to manage our exposure to interest rate changes on future forecasted transactions. We hedge our exposure to the variability in future cash flows based on the expected maturities of the related forecasted debt issuance. We recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other comprehensive income (loss)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Treasury Rate Locks</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We have entered into treasury rate locks designated as cash flow hedges to mitigate our interest rate risk on future transactions. We recognize gains and losses resulting from interest rate movements in </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other comprehensive income (loss). </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In April 2023, we entered into treasury rate locks designated as cash flow hedges for a total notional amount of $500 million.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Net Investment Hedges</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We have designated certain foreign currency debt instruments as net investment hedges to mitigate foreign exchange exposure related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates. The notional amount of Euro-denominated debt designated as a net investment hedge was €750 million as of both March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Undesignated Derivatives</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We also have the following derivative contracts which we use as economic hedges but for which we have elected not to apply hedge accounting.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table summarizes the activity of our derivatives not designated in hedging relationships:</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:12pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign Exchange Forwards:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Notional value entered into</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,655</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,646 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,595</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,603 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax gain (loss) recognized in Other income (expense), net</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">10</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(28)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Swaptions:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value sold</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,000 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,000 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax loss recognized in Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(33)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Foreign Exchange Forwards</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We enter into British Pound Sterling and Euro foreign exchange forwards to mitigate our foreign exchange rate risk related to non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Swaptions</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We enter into swaptions to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Concentrations of Credit Risk</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments, short-term and long-term investments, trade receivables, including device payment plan agreement receivables, certain notes receivable, including lease receivables, and derivative contracts.</span></div>Counterparties to our derivative contracts are major financial institutions with whom we have negotiated derivatives agreements (ISDA master agreements) and credit support annex (CSA) agreements which provide rules for collateral exchange. The CSA agreements contain rating based thresholds such that we or our counterparties may be required to hold or post collateral based upon changes in outstanding positions as compared to established thresholds and changes in credit ratings. We do not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments recognized at fair value. At March 31, 2023, we did not hold any collateral. At March 31, 2023, we posted $1.9 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange agreements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, we did not hold any collateral. At December 31, 2022, we posted $2.3 billion of collateral related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote and do not expect that any such nonperformance would result in a significant effect on our results of operations or financial condition due to our diversified pool of counterparties. <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2023:</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:49.779%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.632%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 1</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">59</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">59</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">47</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">47</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">292</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">292</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">252</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">252</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">726</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">726</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other current liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">862</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">862</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">325</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">325</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Contingent consideration</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">218</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">218</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,030</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,030</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,216</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,216</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,509</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">218</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,727</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022:</span></div><div style="text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:49.779%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.630%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.632%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 1</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-align:right"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Prepaid expenses and other:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">37 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">37 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">42 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">42 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other assets:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Fixed income securities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">349 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">349 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">263 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">263 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">790 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">790 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other current liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">731 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">731 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">346 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">346 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Contingent consideration</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">274 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">274 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other liabilities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,902 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,902 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,295 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,295 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate caps</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">30 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Contingent consideration</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">43 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">43 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8,368 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">317 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8,685 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(3)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:1.87pt">Unobservable pricing inputs in the market.</span></div> 0 59000000 0 59000000 0 47000000 0 47000000 0 2000000 0 2000000 0 58000000 0 58000000 0 292000000 0 292000000 0 252000000 0 252000000 0 16000000 0 16000000 0 726000000 0 726000000 0 862000000 0 862000000 0 325000000 0 325000000 0 2000000 0 2000000 0 58000000 0 58000000 0 0 218000000 218000000 0 3030000000 0 3030000000 0 3216000000 0 3216000000 0 16000000 0 16000000 0 7509000000 218000000 7727000000 0 37000000 0 37000000 0 42000000 0 42000000 0 6000000 0 6000000 0 63000000 0 63000000 0 349000000 0 349000000 0 263000000 0 263000000 0 30000000 0 30000000 0 790000000 0 790000000 0 731000000 0 731000000 0 346000000 0 346000000 0 63000000 0 63000000 0 1000000 0 1000000 0 0 274000000 274000000 0 3902000000 0 3902000000 0 3295000000 0 3295000000 0 30000000 0 30000000 0 0 43000000 43000000 0 8368000000 317000000 8685000000 795000000 804000000 164000000 88000000 102000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The fair value of our short-term and long-term debt, excluding finance leases, was as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.561%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:37.225%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.647%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.534%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.651%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="21" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Fair Value</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Carrying<br/>Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 1</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 2</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Level 3</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31, 2022</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">148,906 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">84,385 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">54,656 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">139,041 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31, 2023</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">150,971</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">86,908</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58,014</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">144,922</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 148906000000 84385000000 54656000000 0 139041000000 150971000000 86908000000 58014000000 0 144922000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table sets forth the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:63.081%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.443%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.446%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest rate swaps</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26,071</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">26,071 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">34,138</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">34,976 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign exchange forwards</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">980</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">920 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 26071000000 26071000000 34138000000 34976000000 980000000 920000000 <div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following tables summarize the activities of our designated derivatives:</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:77.993%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.987%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.990%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest Rate Swaps:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value entered into</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,655 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">863 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax loss recognized in Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cross Currency Swaps:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value entered into</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">838</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Pre-tax loss recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(430)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Pre-tax gain on cross currency swaps recognized in Interest expense</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">355</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Pre-tax loss on hedged debt recognized in Interest expense</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(355)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%">Excluded components recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(378)</span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;text-indent:-9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%"> Initial value of the excluded component amortized into Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">27</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">N/A</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value entered into</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">400 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="padding-left:6pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax gain recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">128 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">N/A - not applicable</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Represents amounts recorded under the cash flow hedge model. These instruments were re-designated as fair value hedges on March 31, 2022.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other, net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash received for settlement of interest rate swaps</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">40 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash paid for settlement of forward starting interest rate swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(76)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other, net Cash Flows from Financing Activities:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cash paid for settlement of cross currency swaps</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(117)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table summarizes the activity of our derivatives not designated in hedging relationships:</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:12pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign Exchange Forwards:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Notional value entered into</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,655</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,646 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,595</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,603 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax gain (loss) recognized in Other income (expense), net</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">10</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(28)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Swaptions:</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value sold</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,000 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Notional value settled</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,000 </span></td><td style="background-color:#dbdbdb;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;text-indent:9pt;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Pre-tax loss recognized in Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(33)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 0 6655000000 0 863000000 -1000000 0 0 0 838000000 0 -430000000 355000000 355000000 -378000000 27000000 0 0 0 400000000 0 128000000 0 40000000 0 -76000000 -117000000 0 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table displays the amounts recorded in Long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges. The cumulative amounts exclude cumulative basis adjustments related to foreign exchange risk.</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:62.976%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.495%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:16.496%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">At March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">At December 31,</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Carrying amount of hedged liabilities</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">22,467</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">21,741 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the hedged liabilities</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(3,771)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(4,512)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment remaining for which hedge accounting has been discontinued</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">466</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">488 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 22467000000 21741000000 -3771000000 -4512000000 466000000 488000000 1000000000 109000000 0 500000000 750000000 750000000 2655000000 2646000000 2595000000 2603000000 10000000 -28000000 0 1000000000 0 1000000000 0 -33000000 0 1900000000 0 2300000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 8. Employee Benefits</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We maintain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for certain employees. In addition, we maintain postretirement health care and life insurance plans for certain retirees and their dependents, which are both contributory and non-contributory, and include a limit on our share of the cost for certain current and future retirees. In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefits, operating expenses include service costs associated with pension and other postretirement benefits while other credits and/or charges based on actuarial assumptions, including projected discount rates, an estimated return on plan assets, and impact from health care trend rates are reported in Other income (expense), net. These estimates are updated in the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event, to reflect actual return on plan assets and updated </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">actuarial assumptions. The adjustment is recognized in the income statement during the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event pursuant to our accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income)</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost (income) related to our pension and postretirement health care and life insurance plans:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:61.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.678%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="21" style="border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Pension</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Health Care and Life</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Service cost - Cost of services</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">46</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">58 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">19 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Service cost - Selling, general and administrative expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Service cost</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">53</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">66 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">13</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">23 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amortization of prior service cost (credit)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">28</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">15 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(105)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(203)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Expected return on plan assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(253)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(297)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(7)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(7)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest cost</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">188</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">110 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">136</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">83 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Other components</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(37)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(172)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(127)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(106)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">37</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(104)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:62.719%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost (income) is recorded in Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income while the other components, including mark-to-market adjustments, if any, are recorded in Other income (expense), net.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Severance Payments</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we paid severance benefits of $140 million. At March 31, 2023, we had a remaining severance liability of $521 million, a portion of which includes future contractual payments to separated employees. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Employer Contributions</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">During the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we made no contributions to our qualified pension plans and made insignificant contributions to our nonqualified pension plans. No mandatory qualified pension plans contributions are expected or required through December 31, 2023. In April 2023, we made a discretionary contribution of $200 million to one of our qualified pension plans. There have been no significant changes with respect to the nonqualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans contributions in 2023.</span></div> <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cost (income) related to our pension and postretirement health care and life insurance plans:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:61.619%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.671%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.678%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="21" style="border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Pension</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Health Care and Life</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Service cost - Cost of services</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">46</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">58 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">11</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">19 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Service cost - Selling, general and administrative expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">8 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Service cost</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">53</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">66 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">13</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">23 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amortization of prior service cost (credit)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">28</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">15 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(105)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(203)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Expected return on plan assets</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(253)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(297)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(7)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(7)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest cost</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">188</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">110 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">136</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">83 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Other components</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(37)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(172)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(127)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">16</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(106)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">37</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(104)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> 46000000 58000000 11000000 19000000 7000000 8000000 2000000 4000000 53000000 66000000 13000000 23000000 28000000 15000000 -105000000 -203000000 253000000 297000000 7000000 7000000 188000000 110000000 136000000 83000000 -37000000 -172000000 24000000 -127000000 16000000 -106000000 37000000 -104000000 140000000 521000000 0 0 200000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 9. Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Equity</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Changes in the components of Total equity were as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:56.147%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.124%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.538%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:1.974%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.538%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.538%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:1.977%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr style="height:3pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="27" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions, except per share amounts, and shares in thousands)</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three months ended March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Shares</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Shares</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Common Stock</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,291,434</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">429</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,291,434 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">429 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,291,434</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">429</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,291,434 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">429 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Additional Paid In Capital</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">13,420</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,861 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">103</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">13,523</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,874 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Retained Earnings</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">82,380</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">71,993 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Net income attributable to Verizon</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,909</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,580 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Dividends declared ($0.6525, $0.6400 per share)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(2,746)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(2,692)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">10 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">84,543</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">73,891 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period attributable to Verizon</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,865)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(927)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign currency translation adjustments</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(29)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">207 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unrealized loss on fair value hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(302)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(18)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(61)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(139)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other comprehensive income (loss)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(312)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">21 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period attributable to Verizon</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(2,177)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(906)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Treasury Stock</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(91,572)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(4,013)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(93,635)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(4,104)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Employee plans</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,127</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">181</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,842 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">81 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Shareholder plans</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(87,442)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(3,832)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(91,790)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(4,023)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Deferred Compensation-ESOPs and Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">793</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">538 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Restricted stock equity grant</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(14)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">109 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amortization</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(382)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(150)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">397</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">497 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Noncontrolling Interests</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,319</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,410 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total comprehensive income</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">109</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">131 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Distributions and other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(92)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(128)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,336</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,413 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Equity</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">94,219</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">85,175 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Common Stock</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Verizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock through its previously authorized share buyback program during the three months ended March 31, 2023. At March 31, 2023, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 100 million.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Common stock has been used from time to time to satisfy some of the funding requirements of employee and shareowner plans, including 4.1 million shares of common stock issued from Treasury stock during the three months ended March 31, 2023.</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The changes in the balances of Accumulated other comprehensive loss by component were as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:24.192%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.604%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Foreign <br/>currency<br/>translation<br/>adjustments</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unrealized loss on fair value hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at January 1, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(698)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,150)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(431)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(9)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">423</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,865)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Excluded components recognized in other comprehensive income </span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(282)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(282)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other comprehensive income</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">30</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amounts reclassified to net income</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(20)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(61)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(60)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Net other comprehensive income (loss)</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(302)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(61)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(312)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at March 31, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(672)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,129)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(733)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(5)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">362</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(2,177)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The amounts presented above in Net other comprehensive income (loss) are net of taxes. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges and unrealized loss on fair value hedges in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net and Interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See Note 7 for additional information. The amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. The amounts reclassified to net income related to defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in the table above are included in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See Note 8 for additional information.</span></div> <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Changes in the components of Total equity were as follows: </span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:56.147%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.124%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.538%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:1.974%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.538%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.532%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:7.538%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:1.977%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr style="height:3pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="27" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions, except per share amounts, and shares in thousands)</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three months ended March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Shares</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Shares</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amount</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Common Stock</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,291,434</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">429</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,291,434 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">429 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,291,434</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">429</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,291,434 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">429 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Additional Paid In Capital</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">13,420</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,861 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">103</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">13,523</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13,874 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Retained Earnings</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">82,380</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">71,993 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Net income attributable to Verizon</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,909</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">4,580 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Dividends declared ($0.6525, $0.6400 per share)</span></div></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(2,746)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(2,692)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">10 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">84,543</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">73,891 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period attributable to Verizon</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,865)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(927)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Foreign currency translation adjustments</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(29)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">207 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unrealized loss on fair value hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(302)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(18)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(61)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(139)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other comprehensive income (loss)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(312)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">21 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period attributable to Verizon</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(2,177)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(906)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Treasury Stock</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(91,572)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(4,013)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(93,635)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(4,104)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Employee plans</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,127</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">181</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,842 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">81 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Shareholder plans</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">— </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(87,442)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(3,832)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(91,790)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(4,023)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Deferred Compensation-ESOPs and Other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">793</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">538 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Restricted stock equity grant</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(14)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">109 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amortization</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(382)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(150)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">397</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">497 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Noncontrolling Interests</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at beginning of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,319</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,410 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total comprehensive income</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">109</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">131 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Distributions and other</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(92)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(128)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Balance at end of period</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,336</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,413 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Equity</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">94,219</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">85,175 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/></tr></table></div> 4291434000 429000000 4291434000 429000000 4291434000 429000000 4291434000 429000000 13420000000 13861000000 -103000000 -13000000 13523000000 13874000000 82380000000 71993000000 4909000000 4580000000 0.6525 0.6400 2746000000 2692000000 0 -10000000 84543000000 73891000000 -1865000000 -927000000 26000000 -29000000 21000000 207000000 -302000000 0 4000000 -18000000 61000000 139000000 -312000000 21000000 -2177000000 -906000000 91572000 -4013000000 93635000 -4104000000 4127000 181000000 1842000 81000000 3000 0 3000 0 87442000 -3832000000 91790000 -4023000000 793000000 538000000 -14000000 109000000 382000000 150000000 397000000 497000000 1319000000 1410000000 109000000 131000000 92000000 128000000 1336000000 1413000000 94219000000 85175000000 100000000 4100000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The changes in the balances of Accumulated other comprehensive loss by component were as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:24.192%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.595%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:12.204%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.384%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:10.604%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Foreign <br/>currency<br/>translation<br/>adjustments</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unrealized loss on fair value hedges</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at January 1, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(698)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,150)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(431)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(9)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">423</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,865)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Excluded components recognized in other comprehensive income </span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(282)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(282)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other comprehensive income</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">30</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Amounts reclassified to net income</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(20)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">—</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(61)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(60)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Net other comprehensive income (loss)</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">26</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">21</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(302)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(61)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(312)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Balance at March 31, 2023</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(672)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,129)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(733)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(5)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">362</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(2,177)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/></tr></table></div> -698000000 -1150000000 -431000000 -9000000 423000000 -1865000000 -282000000 -282000000 26000000 0 4000000 0 30000000 -21000000 20000000 61000000 60000000 26000000 21000000 -302000000 4000000 -61000000 -312000000 -672000000 -1129000000 -733000000 -5000000 362000000 -2177000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 10. Segment Information</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Reportable Segments</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income, consistent with the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Our segments and their principal activities consist of the following:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.543%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:82.527%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Segment</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Description</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Verizon <br/>Consumer Group</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the U.S. under the Verizon brand, TracFone brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios.</span></div></td></tr><tr style="height:6pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Verizon<br/>Business Group</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:justify;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT services and products. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world.</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Our Consumer segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are available to our retail customers, as well as resellers that purchase wireless network access from us on a wholesale basis.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Our Business segment’s wireless and wireline products and services are organized by the primary customer groups targeted by these offerings. During the first quarter of 2023, Verizon reorganized the customer groups within its Business segment. Previously, this segment was comprised of four customer groups: Small and Medium Business, Global Enterprise, Public Sector and Other, and Wholesale. Following the reorganization, there are now three customer groups: Enterprise and Public Sector, Business Markets and SaaS, and Wholesale. Enterprise and Public Sector combines the customers previously included in Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other (excluding BlueJeans and Connect customers) as well as the commercial wireline customers previously included in Small and Medium Business. Business Markets and SaaS combines the customers previously included in Small and Medium Business (excluding commercial wireline customers), the BlueJeans customers previously </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">included in Global Enterprise and Public Sector and Other, and the Connect customers previously included in Public Sector and Other. The Wholesale customer group remained unchanged. Prior period operating revenue results within the Business segment have been recast for these reorganized customer groups. There was no change to the composition of our reportable segments and total segment results, nor the determination of segment profit. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Corporate and other primarily includes insurance captives, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker’s assessment of segment performance. </span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table provides operating financial information for our two reportable segments:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">External Operating Revenues</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Service</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">18,456</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">18,126 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Wireless equipment</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,878</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">5,374 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,474</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,742 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total Consumer</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24,808</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">25,242 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Enterprise and Public Sector</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,787</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,977 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business Markets and SaaS</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,099</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,072 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Wholesale</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">599</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">647 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,485</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,696 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,293</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">32,938 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Intersegment Revenues</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">49</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">50 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Operating Revenues</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24,857</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">25,292 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,494</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,709 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,351</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">33,001 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Operating Income</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,099</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,319 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">551</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">673 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,650</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,992 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Service and other revenues and Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $6.6 billion and $882 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2023, and were approximately $6.7 billion and $962 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2022.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table provides Fios revenue for our two reportable segments:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:78.518%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:9.310%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.139%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,889</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,911 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">307</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">295 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Fios revenue</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,196</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,206 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table provides Wireless service revenue for our reportable segments and includes intersegment activity:</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.691%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.137%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.139%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">15,599</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">15,217 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,290</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,125 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Wireless service revenue</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">18,889</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">18,342 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:center"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:5pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Information</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The reconciliation of segment operating revenues and operating income to consolidated operating revenues and operating income below includes the effects of special items that the chief operating decision maker does not consider in assessing segment performance, primarily because of their nature.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">A reconciliation of the reportable segment operating revenues to consolidated operating revenues is as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total reportable segment operating revenues</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,351</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">33,001 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Corporate and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">617</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">618 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Eliminations</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(56)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(65)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total consolidated operating revenues</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,912</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">33,554 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">A reconciliation of the total reportable segment's operating income to consolidated income before provision for income taxes is as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total reportable segment operating income</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,650</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,992 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Corporate and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(4)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(24)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 13pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other components of net periodic benefit charges (Note 8)</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(62)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(172)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total consolidated operating income</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,584</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,796 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(3)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other income (expense), net</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">114</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(924)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,207)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(786)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Income Before Provision For Income Taxes</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,500</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,083 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our total operating revenues during the three months ended March 31, 2023 or 2022.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The chief operating decision maker does not review disaggregated assets on a segment basis; therefore, such information is not presented. Depreciation and amortization included in the measure of segment profitability is primarily allocated based on proportional usage, and is included within Total reportable segment operating income.</span></div> 2 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Our segments and their principal activities consist of the following:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:14.543%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:82.527%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Segment</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Description</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Verizon <br/>Consumer Group</span></td><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the U.S. under the Verizon brand, TracFone brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. We also provide fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through our wireless networks. Our wireline services are provided in nine states in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S., as well as Washington D.C., over our 100% fiber-optic network through our Verizon Fios product portfolio and over a traditional copper-based network to customers who are not served by Fios.</span></div></td></tr><tr style="height:6pt"><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Verizon<br/>Business Group</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:justify;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including data, video and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services, local and long distance voice services and network access to deliver various IoT services and products. We also provide FWA broadband through our wireless networks. We provide these products and services to businesses, government customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and select products and services to customers around the world.</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table provides operating financial information for our two reportable segments:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">External Operating Revenues</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Service</span></div></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">18,456</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">18,126 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Wireless equipment</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">4,878</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">5,374 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">1,474</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">1,742 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total Consumer</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24,808</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">25,242 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Enterprise and Public Sector</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,787</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,977 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business Markets and SaaS</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,099</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,072 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Wholesale</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">599</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">647 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,485</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,696 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,293</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">32,938 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Intersegment Revenues</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">49</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">50 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">13 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">58</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">63 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Operating Revenues</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">24,857</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">25,292 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2)</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,494</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,709 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,351</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">33,001 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Operating Income</span></td><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,099</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,319 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">551</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">673 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total reportable segments</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,650</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,992 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(1) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Other revenue includes fees that partially recover the direct and indirect costs of complying with regulatory and industry obligations and programs, revenues associated with certain products included in our device protection offerings, leasing and interest when equipment is sold to the customer by an authorized agent under a device payment plan agreement.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline">(2) </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Service and other revenues and Wireless equipment revenues included in our Business segment were approximately $6.6 billion and $882 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2023, and were approximately $6.7 billion and $962 million, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2022.</span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span><br/></span></div><div style="padding-left:9pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table provides Fios revenue for our two reportable segments:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:78.518%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:9.310%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.139%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2,889</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2,911 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">307</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">295 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Fios revenue</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,196</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,206 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The following table provides Wireless service revenue for our reportable segments and includes intersegment activity:</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:center"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.707%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.691%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.137%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.533%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.139%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Consumer</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">15,599</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">15,217 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Business</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">3,290</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">3,125 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total Wireless service revenue</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">18,889</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">18,342 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 9 4 3 2 18456000000 18126000000 4878000000 5374000000 1474000000 1742000000 24808000000 25242000000 3787000000 3977000000 3099000000 3072000000 599000000 647000000 7485000000 7696000000 32293000000 32938000000 49000000 50000000 9000000 13000000 58000000 63000000 24857000000 25292000000 7494000000 7709000000 32351000000 33001000000 7099000000 7319000000 551000000 673000000 7650000000 7992000000 6600000000 882000000 6700000000 962000000 2 2889000000 2911000000 307000000 295000000 3196000000 3206000000 15599000000 15217000000 3290000000 3125000000 18889000000 18342000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">A reconciliation of the reportable segment operating revenues to consolidated operating revenues is as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total reportable segment operating revenues</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,351</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">33,001 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Corporate and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">617</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">618 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Eliminations</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(56)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(65)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Total consolidated operating revenues</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">32,912</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">33,554 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 32351000000 33001000000 617000000 618000000 -56000000 -65000000 32912000000 33554000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">A reconciliation of the total reportable segment's operating income to consolidated income before provision for income taxes is as follows:</span></div><div style="margin-bottom:1pt;text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:100.000%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:79.747%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.110%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:0.530%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:8.113%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Three Months Ended</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="9" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">March 31,</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(dollars in millions)</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">2023</span></td><td colspan="3" style="padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">2022</span></td><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total reportable segment operating income</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,650</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,992 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><div style="text-indent:9pt"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> Corporate and other</span></div></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(4)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(24)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 13pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other components of net periodic benefit charges (Note 8)</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(62)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(172)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Total consolidated operating income</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">7,584</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">7,796 </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr style="height:12pt"><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">9</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(3)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Other income (expense), net</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">114</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(924)</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">Interest expense</span></td><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">(1,207)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt"/><td colspan="2" style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">(786)</span></td><td style="background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">Income Before Provision For Income Taxes</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%">6,500</span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%"> </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt"/><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">$</span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%">6,083 </span></td><td style="background-color:#d8dada;border-bottom:2pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/><td colspan="3" style="display:none"/></tr></table></div> 7650000000 7992000000 -4000000 -24000000 62000000 172000000 7584000000 7796000000 9000000 -3000000 114000000 -924000000 1207000000 786000000 6500000000 6083000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 11. Additional Financial Information</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">We maintain a voluntary supplier finance program (SFP) with a financial institution which provides certain suppliers the option, at their sole discretion, to participate in the program and sell their receivables due from Verizon to the financial institution on a non-recourse basis. The eligible suppliers negotiate the terms directly with the financial institution and we have no involvement in establishing those terms nor are we a party to these agreements. </span></div><div><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">Our payments associated with the invoices from the suppliers participating in the SFP are made to the financial institution according to the original invoice terms generally at 90 days from the invoice date and for the original invoice amount. No additional payments are exchanged between Verizon and the financial institution related to the SFP. Verizon does not pledge any assets nor provide any guarantees to the financial institution in connection with the SFP. The SFP can be terminated by Verizon or the financial institution with a 60-day notice period. </span></div><div><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">Confirmed obligations outstanding related to suppliers participating in the SFP are recorded within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and the associated payments are reflected in the operating activities section of our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. As of </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%">March 31, 2023</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%"> and December 31, 2022, </span></div>$705 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, remained as confirmed obligations outstanding related to suppliers participating in the SFP. P60D 705000000 1000000000 <div style="text-align:justify"><table style="border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;margin-bottom:5pt;vertical-align:text-bottom;width:99.853%"><tr><td style="width:1.0%"/><td style="width:98.900%"/><td style="width:0.1%"/></tr><tr><td colspan="3" style="background-color:#000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top"><span style="color:#ffffff;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%">Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies</span></td></tr></table></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In the ordinary course of business, Verizon is involved in various commercial litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a given matter, Verizon establishes an accrual. In none of the currently pending matters is the amount of accrual material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including: (1) uncertain damage theories and demands; (2) a less than complete factual record; (3) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or regulators; and (4) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. We continuously monitor these proceedings as they develop and adjust any accrual or disclosure as needed. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of any pending regulatory or legal matter in future periods will have a material effect on our financial condition, but it could have a material effect on our results of operations for a given reporting period.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">Verizon is currently involved in approximately 25 federal district court actions alleging that Verizon is infringing various patents. Most of these cases are brought by non-practicing entities and effectively seek only monetary damages; a small number are brought by companies that have sold products and could seek injunctive relief as well. These cases have progressed to various stages and a small number may go to trial in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">In connection with the execution of agreements for the sales of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as well as indemnity from certain financial losses. From time to time, counterparties may make claims under these provisions, and Verizon will seek to defend against those claims and resolve them in the ordinary course of business.</span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span><br/></span></div><div style="text-align:justify"><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">As of March 31, 2023, Verizon had 25 renewable energy purchase agreements (REPAs) with third parties.</span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> Each of the REPAs is based on the expected operation of a renewable energy-generating facility and has a fixed price term of 12 to 20 years from the commencement of the facility's entry into commercial operation. </span><span style="color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%"> </span><span style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Arial',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%">The REPAs generally are expected to be financially settled based on the prevailing market price as energy is generated by the facilities.</span></div> 25 25 P12Y P20Y EXCEL 95 Financial_Report.xlsx IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx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how.js IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT // Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105. var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0); e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}} if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'} e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}} XML 97 report.css IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */ } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; } XML 98 FilingSummary.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 3.23.1 html 434 322 1 false 152 0 false 12 false false R1.htm 0000001 - Document - Cover Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover Cover Cover 1 false false R2.htm 0000002 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Statements 2 false false R3.htm 0000003 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Statements 3 false false R4.htm 0000004 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) Statements 4 false false R5.htm 0000005 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Statements 5 false false R6.htm 0000006 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Statements 6 false false R7.htm 0000007 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Statements 7 false false R8.htm 0000008 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentation Basis of Presentation Notes 8 false false R9.htm 0000009 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCosts Revenues and Contract Costs Notes 9 false false R10.htm 0000010 - Disclosure - Acquisitions and Divestitures Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestitures Acquisitions and Divestitures Notes 10 false false R11.htm 0000011 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssets Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Notes 11 false false R12.htm 0000012 - Disclosure - Debt Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/Debt Debt Notes 12 false false R13.htm 0000013 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivables Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables Notes 13 false false R14.htm 0000014 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstruments Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments Notes 14 false false R15.htm 0000015 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefits Employee Benefits Notes 15 false false R16.htm 0000016 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Notes 16 false false R17.htm 0000017 - Disclosure - Segment Information Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformation Segment Information Notes 17 false false R18.htm 0000018 - Disclosure - Additional Financial Information Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformation Additional Financial Information Notes 18 false false R19.htm 0000019 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies Commitments and Contingencies Notes 19 false false R20.htm 0000020 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation (Policies) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationPolicies Basis of Presentation (Policies) Policies 20 false false R21.htm 0000021 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationTables Basis of Presentation (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentation 21 false false R22.htm 0000022 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsTables Revenues and Contract Costs (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCosts 22 false false R23.htm 0000023 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssets 23 false false R24.htm 0000024 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtTables Debt (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/Debt 24 false false R25.htm 0000025 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan and Wireless Service Receivables (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanandWirelessServiceReceivablesTables Device Payment Plan and Wireless Service Receivables (Tables) Tables 25 false false R26.htm 0000026 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstruments 26 false false R27.htm 0000027 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsTables Employee Benefits (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefits 27 false false R28.htm 0000028 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss 28 false false R29.htm 0000029 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Tables) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationTables Segment Information (Tables) Tables http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformation 29 false false R30.htm 0000030 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation - Earnings Per Common Share (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationEarningsPerCommonShareDetails Basis of Presentation - Earnings Per Common Share (Details) Details 30 false false R31.htm 0000031 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation - Schedule of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails Basis of Presentation - Schedule of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (Details) Details 31 false false R32.htm 0000032 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Additional Information (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails Revenues and Contract Costs - Additional Information (Details) Details 32 false false R33.htm 0000033 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Revenue Performance Obligations (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails Revenues and Contract Costs - Revenue Performance Obligations (Details) Details 33 false false R34.htm 0000034 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Receivables from Contracts with Customers (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofReceivablesfromContractswithCustomersDetails Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Receivables from Contracts with Customers (Details) Details 34 false false R35.htm 0000035 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails Revenues and Contract Costs - Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability (Details) Details 35 false false R36.htm 0000036 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Cost Incurred to Obtain or Fulfill Contracts with Customers (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Cost Incurred to Obtain or Fulfill Contracts with Customers (Details) Details 36 false false R37.htm 0000037 - Disclosure - Acquisitions and Divestitures - Acquisitions (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails Acquisitions and Divestitures - Acquisitions (Details) Details 37 false false R38.htm 0000038 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCarryingAmountofWirelessLicensesDetail Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses (Detail) Details 38 false false R39.htm 0000039 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail) Details 39 false false R40.htm 0000040 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Changes in Carrying Value of Goodwill (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Changes in Carrying Value of Goodwill (Detail) Details 40 false false R41.htm 0000041 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net (Detail) Details 41 false false R42.htm 0000042 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Estimated Future Amortization Expense (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Estimated Future Amortization Expense (Detail) Details 42 false false R43.htm 0000043 - Disclosure - Debt - Repayments, Redemptions and Repurchases (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails Debt - Repayments, Redemptions and Repurchases (Details) Details 43 false false R44.htm 0000044 - Disclosure - Debt - Short-Term Borrowings and Commercial Paper Program (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails Debt - Short-Term Borrowings and Commercial Paper Program (Details) Details 44 false false R45.htm 0000045 - Disclosure - Debt - Asset-Backed Debt Narrative (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail Debt - Asset-Backed Debt Narrative (Detail) Details 45 false false R46.htm 0000046 - Disclosure - Debt - ABS Financing Facilities (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails Debt - ABS Financing Facilities (Details) Details 46 false false R47.htm 0000047 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of ABS Notes Transactions (Details) Notes http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails Debt - Schedule of ABS Notes Transactions (Details) Details 47 false false R48.htm 0000048 - Disclosure - Debt - Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail Debt - Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements (Detail) Details 48 false false R49.htm 0000049 - Disclosure - Debt - Credit Facilities, Non-Cash Transaction, Guarantees (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail Debt - Credit Facilities, Non-Cash Transaction, Guarantees (Detail) Details 49 false false R50.htm 0000050 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Receivables (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Receivables (Details) Details 50 false false R51.htm 0000051 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Additional Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Additional Information (Detail) Details 51 false false R52.htm 0000052 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables (Detail) Details 52 false false R53.htm 0000053 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Credit Quality Indicators (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Credit Quality Indicators (Details) Details 53 false false R54.htm 0000054 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Allowance for Credit Losses (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Allowance for Credit Losses (Detail) Details 54 false false R55.htm 0000055 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Balance and Aging of Receivables (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Balance and Aging of Receivables (Detail) Details 55 false false R56.htm 0000056 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis (Detail) Details 56 false false R57.htm 0000057 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Additional Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Additional Information (Detail) Details 57 false false R58.htm 0000058 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Debt Excluding Capital Leases (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Debt Excluding Capital Leases (Detail) Details 58 false false R59.htm 0000059 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments (Detail) Details 59 false false R60.htm 0000060 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Designated Derivative Activity (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Designated Derivative Activity (Details) Details 60 false false R61.htm 0000061 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value Hedges (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value Hedges (Details) Details 61 false false R62.htm 0000062 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges (Details) Details 62 false false R63.htm 0000063 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits - Costs by Plans (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail Employee Benefits - Costs by Plans (Detail) Details 63 false false R64.htm 0000064 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits - Additional Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail Employee Benefits - Additional Information (Detail) Details 64 false false R65.htm 0000065 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Components of Total equity (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Components of Total equity (Detail) Details 65 false false R66.htm 0000066 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Additional Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Additional Information (Detail) Details 66 false false R67.htm 0000067 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in AOCI (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in AOCI (Detail) Details 67 false false R68.htm 0000068 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Additional Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail Segment Information - Additional Information (Detail) Details 68 false false R69.htm 0000069 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Operating Financial Information (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail Segment Information - Operating Financial Information (Detail) Details 69 false false R70.htm 0000070 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Reconciliation of Operating Revenues (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail Segment Information - Reconciliation of Operating Revenues (Detail) Details 70 false false R71.htm 0000071 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Reconciliation of Segments Operating Income to Consolidated Income (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail Segment Information - Reconciliation of Segments Operating Income to Consolidated Income (Detail) Details 71 false false R72.htm 0000072 - Disclosure - Additional Financial Information (Details) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformationDetails Additional Financial Information (Details) Details http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformation 72 false false R73.htm 0000073 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Detail) Sheet http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail Commitments and Contingencies (Detail) Details http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies 73 false false All Reports Book All Reports [ix-0514-Hidden-Fact-Eligible-For-Transform] WARN: 3 fact(s) appearing in ix:hidden were eligible for transformation: us-gaap:CapitalizedContractCostAmortizationPeriod, us-gaap:RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1 - vz-20230331.htm 4 [ix-0514-Hidden-Fact-Not-Referenced] WARN: 1 fact(s) appearing in ix:hidden were not referenced by any -sec-ix-hidden style property: us-gaap:RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1 - vz-20230331.htm 4 vz-20230331.htm a2023q110-qxex10a.htm a2023q110-qxex10b.htm a2023q110-qxex311.htm a2023q110-qxex312.htm a2023q110-qxex321.htm a2023q110-qxex322.htm vz-20230331.xsd vz-20230331_cal.xml vz-20230331_def.xml vz-20230331_lab.xml vz-20230331_pre.xml vz-20230331_g1.jpg vz-20230331_g2.jpg vz-20230331_g3.jpg vz-20230331_g4.jpg vz-20230331_g5.jpg vz-20230331_g6.jpg vz-20230331_g7.jpg vz-20230331_g8.jpg http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022 http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022 true true JSON 101 MetaLinks.json IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT { "instance": { "vz-20230331.htm": { "axisCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 36, "baseTaxonomies": { "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022": 910, "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022": 125 }, "contextCount": 434, "dts": { "calculationLink": { "local": [ "vz-20230331_cal.xml" ] }, "definitionLink": { "local": [ "vz-20230331_def.xml" ] }, "inline": { "local": [ "vz-20230331.htm" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "vz-20230331_lab.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "vz-20230331_pre.xml" ] }, "schema": { "local": [ "vz-20230331.xsd" ], "remote": [ "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022/elts/srt-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022/elts/srt-roles-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022/elts/srt-types-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022/elts/us-gaap-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022/elts/us-roles-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022/elts/us-types-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2022/country-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022/dei-2022.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2022/exch-2022.xsd" ] } }, "elementCount": 632, "entityCount": 1, "hidden": { "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022": 4, "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022": 5, "total": 9 }, "keyCustom": 36, "keyStandard": 286, "memberCustom": 77, "memberStandard": 69, "nsprefix": "vz", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "report": { "R1": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "document", "isDefault": "true", "longName": "0000001 - Document - Cover", "menuCat": "Cover", "order": "1", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover", "shortName": "Cover", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R10": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000010 - Disclosure - Acquisitions and Divestitures", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "10", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestitures", "shortName": "Acquisitions and Divestitures", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R11": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000011 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "11", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssets", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R12": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000012 - Disclosure - Debt", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "12", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/Debt", "shortName": "Debt", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R13": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivablesTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000013 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "13", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivables", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivablesTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R14": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000014 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "14", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstruments", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R15": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000015 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "15", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefits", "shortName": "Employee Benefits", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R16": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000016 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "16", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss", "shortName": "Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R17": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000017 - Disclosure - Segment Information", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "17", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformation", "shortName": "Segment Information", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R18": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:SupplierFinanceProgramTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000018 - Disclosure - Additional Financial Information", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "18", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformation", "shortName": "Additional Financial Information", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:SupplierFinanceProgramTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R19": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000019 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "19", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies", "shortName": "Commitments and Contingencies", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R2": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:Revenues", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000002 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "2", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "shortName": "Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R20": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000020 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation (Policies)", "menuCat": "Policies", "order": "20", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationPolicies", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation (Policies)", "subGroupType": "policies", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R21": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000021 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "21", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationTables", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R22": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000022 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "22", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsTables", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R23": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000023 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "23", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R24": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000024 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "24", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtTables", "shortName": "Debt (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R25": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:FinancingReceivablesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000025 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan and Wireless Service Receivables (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "25", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanandWirelessServiceReceivablesTables", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan and Wireless Service Receivables (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:FinancingReceivablesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R26": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000026 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "26", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R27": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000027 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "27", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsTables", "shortName": "Employee Benefits (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R28": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000028 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "28", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables", "shortName": "Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R29": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000029 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "29", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationTables", "shortName": "Segment Information (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R3": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ProfitLoss", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000003 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "3", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "shortName": "Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R30": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-5", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "shares", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000030 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation - Earnings Per Common Share (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "30", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationEarningsPerCommonShareDetails", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation - Earnings Per Common Share (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-5", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "shares", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R31": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000031 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation - Schedule of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "31", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation - Schedule of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RestrictedCashCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R32": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "segment", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000032 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Additional Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "32", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs - Additional Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueNotFromContractWithCustomer", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R33": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "idbc40dee04cf44fe972d19169d4f843c_I20230331", "decimals": "-8", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000033 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Revenue Performance Obligations (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "33", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs - Revenue Performance Obligations (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "idbc40dee04cf44fe972d19169d4f843c_I20230331", "decimals": "-8", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R34": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:AccountsReceivableFromContractWithCustomer", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000034 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Receivables from Contracts with Customers (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "34", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofReceivablesfromContractswithCustomersDetails", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Receivables from Contracts with Customers (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:AccountsReceivableFromContractWithCustomer", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R35": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-8", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000035 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "35", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs - Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-8", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R36": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:CapitalizedContractCostTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CapitalizedContractCostNetCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000036 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Cost Incurred to Obtain or Fulfill Contracts with Customers (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "36", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs - Schedule of Cost Incurred to Obtain or Fulfill Contracts with Customers (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:CapitalizedContractCostTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CapitalizedContractCostNetCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R37": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000037 - Disclosure - Acquisitions and Divestitures - Acquisitions (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "37", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "shortName": "Acquisitions and Divestitures - Acquisitions (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ief4bd78d0e894f46a0cf401854ce9611_D20210201-20210228", "decimals": "-8", "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:EstimatedClearingAndIncentiveCosts", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R38": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:IndefiniteLivedLicenseAgreements", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000038 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "38", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCarryingAmountofWirelessLicensesDetail", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": null }, "R39": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i734cfaa6a0104d8e86f262334b227106_I20230331", "decimals": "-8", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressGross", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000039 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "39", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i734cfaa6a0104d8e86f262334b227106_I20230331", "decimals": "-8", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressGross", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R4": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000004 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical)", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "4", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical", "shortName": "Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical)", "subGroupType": "parenthetical", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R40": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if108452f43124391bc1a115a01a9c120_I20221231", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:Goodwill", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000040 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Changes in Carrying Value of Goodwill (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "40", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Changes in Carrying Value of Goodwill (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R41": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000041 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "41", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R42": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000042 - Disclosure - Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Estimated Future Amortization Expense (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "42", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail", "shortName": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Estimated Future Amortization Expense (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R43": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RepaymentsOfDebt", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000043 - Disclosure - Debt - Repayments, Redemptions and Repurchases (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "43", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails", "shortName": "Debt - Repayments, Redemptions and Repurchases (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ide9bfe2e592b447b8ac5d52a86f23822_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtInstrumentRepurchasedFaceAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "aud", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R44": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000044 - Disclosure - Debt - Short-Term Borrowings and Commercial Paper Program (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "44", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails", "shortName": "Debt - Short-Term Borrowings and Commercial Paper Program (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i7d5c0b9033354531bf4fb0afd11b84a1_D20230301-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R45": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RepaymentsOfDebt", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000045 - Disclosure - Debt - Asset-Backed Debt Narrative (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "45", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "shortName": "Debt - Asset-Backed Debt Narrative (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ia91677c8ae914a0b9b6cda3322adbf29_I20230331", "decimals": "-8", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:SecuredDebt", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R46": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RepaymentsOfDebt", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000046 - Disclosure - Debt - ABS Financing Facilities (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "46", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "shortName": "Debt - ABS Financing Facilities (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i1262e1b8fd934b4e84169bafb170d155_D20230301-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R47": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i2806569233de4e9eb10cd7510f3e67d8_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtInstrumentFaceAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000047 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of ABS Notes Transactions (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "47", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails", "shortName": "Debt - Schedule of ABS Notes Transactions (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i77974b5267ef4f6cb2fa1e7fa12a289a_I20230131", "decimals": "INF", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "number", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R48": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000048 - Disclosure - Debt - Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "48", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail", "shortName": "Debt - Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutFinancialAssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ibe15596d10394a63828eff42b08d4f00_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R49": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000049 - Disclosure - Debt - Credit Facilities, Non-Cash Transaction, Guarantees (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "49", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "shortName": "Debt - Credit Facilities, Non-Cash Transaction, Guarantees (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R5": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000005 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "5", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "shortName": "Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:InventoryNet", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R50": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000050 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Receivables (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "50", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Receivables (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "us-gaap:FinancingReceivablesTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ib8f8b53573e1424ab47ad85f22b69451_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossCurrent", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R51": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesReceivableNet", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000051 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Additional Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "51", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Additional Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if108452f43124391bc1a115a01a9c120_I20221231", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R52": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesReceivableGross", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000052 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "52", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ReceivableWithImputedInterestDiscount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R53": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesReceivableGross", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000053 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Credit Quality Indicators (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "53", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Schedule of Credit Quality Indicators (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:FinancingReceivableCreditQualityIndicatorsTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if75c91ef0f904b80b6a85a3f5db8228b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivableOriginatedInCurrentFiscalYear", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R54": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if108452f43124391bc1a115a01a9c120_I20221231", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000054 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Allowance for Credit Losses (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "54", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Allowance for Credit Losses (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i56311cd4477c47dcb248ac0d2359bce1_I20221231", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R55": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesReceivableGross", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000055 - Disclosure - Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Balance and Aging of Receivables (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "55", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "shortName": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables - Balance and Aging of Receivables (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "vz:FinancingReceivableAgingAndPastDueTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i0b2e957770a94e0e82f02996a522098c_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NotesReceivableGross", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R56": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:AssetsFairValueDisclosure", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000056 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "56", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:AssetsFairValueDisclosure", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R57": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000057 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Additional Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "57", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Additional Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R58": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i69b294aec9da4450b04ed4acb49557f0_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtInstrumentFairValue", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000058 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Debt Excluding Capital Leases (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "58", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Debt Excluding Capital Leases (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i69b294aec9da4450b04ed4acb49557f0_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DebtInstrumentFairValue", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R59": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i296994fde9ab4cab8d25d570bba2c0a1_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DerivativeNotionalAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000059 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "59", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i296994fde9ab4cab8d25d570bba2c0a1_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DerivativeNotionalAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R6": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "span", "div", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usdPerShare", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000006 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "6", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "shortName": "Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)", "subGroupType": "parenthetical", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "us-gaap:PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "span", "div", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usdPerShare", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R60": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "vz:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsActivityTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i0f81ac2561494b7788fe00062fa4912c_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsEnteredDuringPeriod", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000060 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Designated Derivative Activity (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "60", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Designated Derivative Activity (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "vz:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsActivityTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i0f81ac2561494b7788fe00062fa4912c_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsEnteredDuringPeriod", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R61": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if268624b4375409d81f6a42e793880fc_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000061 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value Hedges (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "61", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value Hedges (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if268624b4375409d81f6a42e793880fc_I20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R62": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i3ee7e7981f7c4a2cbaf4fc9102759020_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsEnteredDuringPeriod", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000062 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "62", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "shortName": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments - Schedule of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i3ee7e7981f7c4a2cbaf4fc9102759020_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsEnteredDuringPeriod", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R63": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i390e303ce17e42e18a30755c8720e071_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000063 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits - Costs by Plans (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "63", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail", "shortName": "Employee Benefits - Costs by Plans (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i390e303ce17e42e18a30755c8720e071_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R64": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PaymentsForPostemploymentBenefits", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000064 - Disclosure - Employee Benefits - Additional Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "64", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "shortName": "Employee Benefits - Additional Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:PaymentsForPostemploymentBenefits", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R65": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usdPerShare", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000065 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Components of Total equity (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "65", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail", "shortName": "Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Components of Total equity (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usdPerShare", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R66": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "shares", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000066 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Additional Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "66", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "shortName": "Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Additional Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "shares", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R67": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "if108452f43124391bc1a115a01a9c120_I20221231", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000067 - Disclosure - Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in AOCI (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "67", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "shortName": "Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in AOCI (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ie612ea50baa4467fb4457c2b47173ec2_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R68": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "segment", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000068 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Additional Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "68", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail", "shortName": "Segment Information - Additional Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i5562b4ffb575401cbdc469f5dc60753b_I20230331", "decimals": "INF", "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:NumberOfCustomerGroups", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "customergroup", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R69": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:Revenues", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000069 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Operating Financial Information (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "69", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "shortName": "Segment Information - Operating Financial Information (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "ix:continuation", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ic60800e0aa204b8786c720f8c250abe5_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:Revenues", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R7": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ProfitLoss", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000007 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "7", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows", "shortName": "Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:EmployeeBenefitsAndShareBasedCompensationNoncash", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R70": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:Revenues", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000070 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Reconciliation of Operating Revenues (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "70", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail", "shortName": "Segment Information - Reconciliation of Operating Revenues (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "ib4bf0f8b4b6549ec94331e289a8c3666_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:Revenues", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R71": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OperatingIncomeLoss", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000071 - Disclosure - Segment Information - Reconciliation of Segments Operating Income to Consolidated Income (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "71", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail", "shortName": "Segment Information - Reconciliation of Segments Operating Income to Consolidated Income (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "td", "tr", "table", "div", "us-gaap:ReconciliationOfOperatingProfitLossFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "ix:continuation", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "-6", "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:OtherComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostIncome", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "usd", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R72": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "vz:SupplierFinanceProgramTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:SupplierFinanceProgramTerminationNoticePeriod", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000072 - Disclosure - Additional Financial Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "72", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformationDetails", "shortName": "Additional Financial Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "vz:SupplierFinanceProgramTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:SupplierFinanceProgramTerminationNoticePeriod", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R73": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "0", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:ApproximateNumberOfFederalDistrictCourtActionsAllegedForPatentInfringement", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "legalmatter", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000073 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Detail)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "73", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "shortName": "Commitments and Contingencies (Detail)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": "0", "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "vz:ApproximateNumberOfFederalDistrictCourtActionsAllegedForPatentInfringement", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "legalmatter", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R8": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000008 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "8", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentation", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R9": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "0000009 - Disclosure - Revenues and Contract Costs", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "9", "role": "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCosts", "shortName": "Revenues and Contract Costs", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "vz-20230331.htm", "contextRef": "i4290be1d75e64c8580cb6eebbd328d23_D20230101-20230331", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } } }, "segmentCount": 152, "tag": { "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.", "label": "Amendment Flag", "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag" } } }, "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Area code of city", "label": "City Area Code", "terseLabel": "City Area Code" } } }, "localname": "CityAreaCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cover page.", "label": "Cover [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cover [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CoverAbstract", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.", "label": "Current Fiscal Year End Date", "terseLabel": "Current Fiscal Year End Date" } } }, "localname": "CurrentFiscalYearEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "gMonthDayItemType" }, "dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3. 1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.", "label": "Document Fiscal Period Focus", "terseLabel": "Document Fiscal Period Focus" } } }, "localname": "DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "fiscalPeriodItemType" }, "dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.", "label": "Document Fiscal Year Focus", "terseLabel": "Document Fiscal Year Focus" } } }, "localname": "DocumentFiscalYearFocus", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "gYearItemType" }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.", "label": "Document Period End Date", "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date" } } }, "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "dei_DocumentQuarterlyReport": { "auth_ref": [ "r746" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an quarterly report.", "label": "Document Quarterly Report", "terseLabel": "Document Quarterly Report" } } }, "localname": "DocumentQuarterlyReport", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_DocumentTransitionReport": { "auth_ref": [ "r747" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.", "label": "Document Transition Report", "terseLabel": "Document Transition Report" } } }, "localname": "DocumentTransitionReport", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_DocumentType": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.", "label": "Document Type", "terseLabel": "Document Type" } } }, "localname": "DocumentType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType" }, "dei_EntitiesTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Container to assemble all relevant information about each entity associated with the document instance", "label": "Entities [Table]", "terseLabel": "Entities [Table]" } } }, "localname": "EntitiesTable", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the City or Town", "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code", "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the state or province.", "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType" }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.", "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key" } } }, "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType" }, "dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.", "label": "Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding", "terseLabel": "Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding" } } }, "localname": "EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.", "label": "Entity Current Reporting Status", "terseLabel": "Entity Current Reporting Status" } } }, "localname": "EntityCurrentReportingStatus", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType" }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.", "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.", "label": "Entity File Number", "terseLabel": "Entity File Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType" }, "dei_EntityFilerCategory": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.", "label": "Entity Filer Category", "terseLabel": "Entity Filer Category" } } }, "localname": "EntityFilerCategory", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "filerCategoryItemType" }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.", "label": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType" }, "dei_EntityInformationLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Entity Information [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Entity Information [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "EntityInformationLineItems", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r748" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).", "label": "Entity Interactive Data Current", "terseLabel": "Entity Interactive Data Current" } } }, "localname": "EntityInteractiveDataCurrent", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType" }, "dei_EntityListingsExchangeAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The axis of a table defines the relationship between the domain members or categories in the table and the line items or concepts that complete the table.", "label": "Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "EntityListingsExchangeAxis", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.", "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name" } } }, "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityShellCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.", "label": "Entity Shell Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Shell Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityShellCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntitySmallBusiness": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).", "label": "Entity Small Business", "terseLabel": "Entity Small Business" } } }, "localname": "EntitySmallBusiness", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.", "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType" }, "dei_ExchangeDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The set of all exchanges. MIC exchange codes are drawn from ISO 10383.", "label": "Exchange [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Exchange [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ExchangeDomain", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Local phone number for entity.", "label": "Local Phone Number", "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number" } } }, "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "auth_ref": [ "r743" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security.", "label": "Title of 12(b) Security", "terseLabel": "Title of 12(b) Security" } } }, "localname": "Security12bTitle", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType" }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "auth_ref": [ "r745" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.", "label": "Security Exchange Name", "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name" } } }, "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType" }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.", "label": "Trading Symbol", "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol" } } }, "localname": "TradingSymbol", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType" }, "exch_XNGS": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "NASDAQ/NGS (GLOBAL SELECT MARKET) [Member]", "terseLabel": "The Nasdaq Global Select Market" } } }, "localname": "XNGS", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "exch_XNYM": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "NEW YORK MERCANTILE EXCHANGE [Member]", "terseLabel": "New York Stock Exchange" } } }, "localname": "XNYM", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r267", "r572", "r573", "r577", "r578", "r619", "r685", "r806", "r809", "r810" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Consolidated Entities [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Consolidated Entities [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r267", "r572", "r573", "r577", "r578", "r619", "r685", "r806", "r809", "r810" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Consolidated Entities [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Consolidated Entities [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ConsolidatedEntitiesDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ConsolidationEliminationsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Consolidation, Eliminations [Member]", "terseLabel": "Eliminations" } } }, "localname": "ConsolidationEliminationsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r267", "r301", "r313", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r319", "r323", "r393", "r394", "r395", "r396", "r398", "r399", "r401", "r403", "r404", "r807", "r808" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Consolidation Items [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Consolidation Items [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "ConsolidationItemsAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_ConsolidationItemsDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r267", "r301", "r313", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r319", "r323", "r393", "r394", "r395", "r396", "r398", "r399", "r401", "r403", "r404", "r807", "r808" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Consolidation Items [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Consolidation Items [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ConsolidationItemsDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_MajorCustomersAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r328", "r720", "r813", "r833" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Customer [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Customer [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "MajorCustomersAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_MaximumMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r389", "r390", "r391", "r392", "r548", "r653", "r676", "r686", "r687", "r717", "r735", "r742", "r811", "r825", "r826", "r827", "r828", "r829", "r830" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Maximum [Member]", "terseLabel": "Maximum" } } }, "localname": "MaximumMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_MedianMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r598" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Median [Member]", "terseLabel": "Median" } } }, "localname": "MedianMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_MinimumMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r389", "r390", "r391", "r392", "r548", "r653", "r676", "r686", "r687", "r717", "r735", "r742", "r811", "r825", "r826", "r827", "r828", "r829", "r830" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Minimum [Member]", "terseLabel": "Minimum" } } }, "localname": "MinimumMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r328", "r720", "r813", "r833" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Customer [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Customer [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "NameOfMajorCustomerDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ProductOrServiceAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r325", "r654", "r718", "r741", "r803", "r804", "r813", "r832" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Product and Service [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Product and Service [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "ProductOrServiceAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r325", "r654", "r718", "r741", "r803", "r804", "r813", "r832" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Product and Service [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Product and Service [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ProductsAndServicesDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_RangeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r389", "r390", "r391", "r392", "r500", "r548", "r553", "r554", "r555", "r627", "r653", "r676", "r686", "r687", "r717", "r735", "r742", "r802", "r811", "r826", "r827", "r828", "r829", "r830" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statistical Measurement [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Statistical Measurement [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "RangeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_RangeMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r389", "r390", "r391", "r392", "r500", "r548", "r553", "r554", "r555", "r627", "r653", "r676", "r686", "r687", "r717", "r735", "r742", "r802", "r811", "r826", "r827", "r828", "r829", "r830" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statistical Measurement [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Statistical Measurement [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "RangeMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ScenarioForecastMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r549", "r777" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Forecast [Member]", "terseLabel": "Scenario, Forecast" } } }, "localname": "ScenarioForecastMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r281", "r549", "r750", "r777" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Scenario [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Scenario [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_StatementScenarioAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r281", "r549", "r750", "r751", "r777" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Scenario [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Scenario [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "StatementScenarioAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AOCIIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "AOCI Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "AOCI Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "AOCIIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r330", "r668", "r704" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of accounts and financing receivables, classified as current. Includes, but is not limited to, notes and loan receivable.", "label": "Accounts and Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "totalLabel": "Accounts receivable, net of allowance" } } }, "localname": "AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Accounts and Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Accounts and Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivablesByBillingStatusTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r27" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by billing status of receivables.", "label": "Billing Status, Type [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Billing Status, Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivablesByBillingStatusTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r19" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle, if longer), including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received, taxes, interest, rent and utilities, accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits.", "label": "Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" } } }, "localname": "AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r227", "r330", "r331", "r698" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "vz_AccountsAndFinancingReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLossCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, before allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.", "label": "Accounts Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts receivable" } } }, "localname": "AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r330", "r331" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.", "label": "Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts receivable, net", "totalLabel": "Accounts receivable, net" } } }, "localname": "AccountsReceivableNetCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "AccountsReceivableNetCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r32", "r38", "r144", "r757", "r758", "r759" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to defined benefit plans attributable to the parent.", "label": "Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Defined benefit pension\u00a0and postretirement plans" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment": { "auth_ref": [ "r95", "r219" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.", "label": "Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment", "terseLabel": "Less Accumulated depreciation" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r243", "r251", "r252", "r576", "r700", "r757" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from gain (loss) of derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness, attributable to parent.", "label": "Accumulated Gain (Loss), Net, Cash Flow Hedge, Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r238", "r239", "r240", "r243", "r251", "r252", "r757" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale), attributable to parent.", "label": "AOCI, Accumulated Gain (Loss), Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r35", "r37", "r38", "r229", "r669", "r681", "r682" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.", "label": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax", "terseLabel": "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r250", "r251", "r605", "r606", "r607", "r608", "r609", "r612" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).", "label": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]", "terseLabel": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r34", "r38", "r144", "r618", "r677", "r678", "r757", "r758", "r759", "r774", "r775", "r776" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.", "label": "AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r31", "r38", "r144", "r251", "r252", "r606", "r607", "r608", "r609", "r612", "r757" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) resulting from foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to the parent.", "label": "Accumulated Foreign Currency Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Foreign\u00a0 currency translation adjustments" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital": { "auth_ref": [ "r13", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of excess of issue price over par or stated value of stock and from other transaction involving stock or stockholder. Includes, but is not limited to, additional paid-in capital (APIC) for common and preferred stock.", "label": "Additional Paid in Capital", "terseLabel": "Additional paid in capital" } } }, "localname": "AdditionalPaidInCapital", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r556", "r557", "r558", "r774", "r775", "r776", "r819" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.", "label": "Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]", "terseLabel": "Additional Paid In Capital" } } }, "localname": "AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:" } } }, "localname": "AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r76", "r787" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of allowance for credit loss on financing receivable.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Activity in Allowance for Credit Losses for Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables" } } }, "localname": "AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanandWirelessServiceReceivablesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r230", "r333", "r345" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable, classified as current.", "label": "Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "verboseLabel": "Less Allowance for credit losses" } } }, "localname": "AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r230", "r333", "r345" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of allowance for credit loss on financing receivable, classified as current.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Less Allowance for credit losses" } } }, "localname": "AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AmortizationOfESOPAward": { "auth_ref": [ "r125" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Value of shares committed to be released under an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).", "label": "Amortization of ESOP Award", "negatedTerseLabel": "Amortization" } } }, "localname": "AmortizationOfESOPAward", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r58", "r83", "r88" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.", "label": "Amortization of Intangible Assets", "terseLabel": "Amortization expense for other intangible assets" } } }, "localname": "AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r243", "r251", "r252", "r590", "r757" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative hedge, attributable to parent.", "label": "AOCI, Derivative Qualifying as Hedge, Excluded Component, Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Unrealized loss on fair value hedges" } } }, "localname": "AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetPledgedAsCollateralWithoutRightMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r572", "r635", "r636" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Asset pledged as collateral for which secured party (transferee) does not have right to sell or repledge by contract or custom.", "label": "Asset Pledged as Collateral without Right [Member]", "terseLabel": "Asset Pledged as Collateral without Right" } } }, "localname": "AssetPledgedAsCollateralWithoutRightMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_Assets": { "auth_ref": [ "r184", "r199", "r223", "r265", "r309", "r315", "r321", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r572", "r577", "r603", "r740", "r807", "r808", "r823" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.", "label": "Assets", "totalLabel": "Total assets" } } }, "localname": "Assets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Assets [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Assets" } } }, "localname": "AssetsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesOfTransfersAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Assets and Associated Liabilities of Transfers Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Assets and Associated Liabilities of Transfers Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "AssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesOfTransfersAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r215", "r232", "r265", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r572", "r577", "r603", "r740", "r807", "r808", "r823" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.", "label": "Assets, Current", "totalLabel": "Total current assets" } } }, "localname": "AssetsCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Assets, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Current assets" } } }, "localname": "AssetsCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure": { "auth_ref": [ "r171" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value portion of probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.", "label": "Assets, Fair Value Disclosure", "totalLabel": "Total" } } }, "localname": "AssetsFairValueDisclosure", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Assets, Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Assets:" } } }, "localname": "AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities": { "auth_ref": [ "r80", "r337", "r358", "r658" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).", "label": "Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale", "terseLabel": "Fixed income securities" } } }, "localname": "AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).", "label": "Balance Sheet Location [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Balance Sheet Location [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "BalanceSheetLocationAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r159", "r162" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).", "label": "Balance Sheet Location [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Balance Sheet Location [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "BalanceSheetLocationDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).", "label": "Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Basis of Presentation" } } }, "localname": "BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_BilledRevenuesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Billed amounts due for services rendered or products shipped. This element is distinct from Billed contracts receivables because this is based on noncontract transactions.", "label": "Billed Revenues [Member]", "terseLabel": "Billed" } } }, "localname": "BilledRevenuesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r569", "r729", "r732" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations), which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.", "label": "Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r127", "r128", "r569", "r729", "r732" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.", "label": "Business Acquisition [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Business Acquisition [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued": { "auth_ref": [ "r134" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares of equity interests issued or issuable to acquire entity.", "label": "Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Number of Shares", "terseLabel": "Number of shares issuable (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Business Acquisition [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Business Acquisition [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAndAssetAcquisitionAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Business Combination and Asset Acquisition [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationAndAssetAcquisitionAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredEquityInterestsIssuedAndIssuable": { "auth_ref": [ "r131", "r132" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of equity interests of the acquirer, including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.", "label": "Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable", "terseLabel": "Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Equity Interests Issued and Issuable" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredEquityInterestsIssuedAndIssuable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh": { "auth_ref": [ "r135" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For contingent consideration arrangements recognized in connection with a business combination, this element represents an estimate of the high-end of the potential range (undiscounted) of the consideration which may be paid.", "label": "Business Combination, Contingent Consideration Arrangements, Range of Outcomes, Value, High", "terseLabel": "Future cash consideration related to achievement of certain performance measures" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r130", "r133", "r570" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liability recognized arising from contingent consideration in a business combination.", "label": "Business Combination, Contingent Consideration, Liability", "terseLabel": "Estimated fair value of the contingent consideration", "verboseLabel": "Contingent consideration" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid": { "auth_ref": [ "r62", "r63", "r64" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.", "label": "Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid", "terseLabel": "Value of purchase assets financed" } } }, "localname": "CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r363" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization expense for asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Amortization", "terseLabel": "Amortization of deferred contract costs" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostAmortizationPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r789" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortization period of cost capitalized in obtaining or fulfilling contract with customer, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Amortization Period", "terseLabel": "Deferred contract cost, amortization period" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostAmortizationPeriod", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostImpairmentLoss": { "auth_ref": [ "r363" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of impairment loss for asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Impairment Loss", "terseLabel": "Contract assets impairment charge" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostImpairmentLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Capitalized Contract Cost [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r362" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss, of asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Net", "totalLabel": "Cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostNetCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r362" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss, of asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer; classified as current.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Net, Current", "terseLabel": "Cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers, current" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostNetCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostNetNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r362" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss, of asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer; classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Net, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers, noncurrent" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostNetNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r362" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about cost capitalized in obtaining or fulfilling contract with customer.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost [Table]", "terseLabel": "Capitalized Contract Cost [Table]" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofCostIncurredtoObtainorFulfillContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r790" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of cost capitalized in obtaining or fulfilling contract with customer.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Capitalized Contract Cost" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r173", "r174" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Measured as reported on the statement of financial position (balance sheet).", "label": "Reported Value Measurement [Member]", "terseLabel": "Carrying Amount" } } }, "localname": "CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r60", "r217", "r696" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value", "terseLabel": "Cash and cash equivalents" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Cash and Cash Equivalents [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member]", "terseLabel": "Cash and cash equivalents" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r61" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents": { "auth_ref": [ "r54", "r60", "r65" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents", "periodEndLabel": "Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period", "periodStartLabel": "Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period", "totalLabel": "Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash" } } }, "localname": "CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect": { "auth_ref": [ "r54", "r175" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect", "terseLabel": "Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and assets held for sale", "totalLabel": "Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash" } } }, "localname": "CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r155" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability, or of a forecasted transaction, that is attributable to a particular risk.", "label": "Cash Flow Hedging [Member]", "terseLabel": "Cash Flow Hedging" } } }, "localname": "CashFlowHedgingMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r224", "r225", "r226", "r265", "r284", "r288", "r290", "r292", "r295", "r296", "r343", "r393", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r404", "r405", "r434", "r435", "r437", "r441", "r448", "r603", "r688", "r749", "r769", "r778" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.", "label": "Class of Stock [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Class of Stock [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ClassOfStockDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommercialPaper": { "auth_ref": [ "r5", "r185", "r200" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks, corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.", "label": "Commercial Paper", "terseLabel": "Commercial paper" } } }, "localname": "CommercialPaper", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommercialPaperMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r103" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Unsecured promissory note (generally negotiable) that provides institutions with short-term funds.", "label": "Commercial Paper [Member]", "terseLabel": "Commercial Paper" } } }, "localname": "CommercialPaperMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies": { "auth_ref": [ "r25", "r191", "r206" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.", "label": "Commitments and Contingencies", "terseLabel": "Commitments and Contingencies" } } }, "localname": "CommitmentsAndContingencies", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r97", "r387", "r388", "r684", "r805" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.", "label": "Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Commitments and Contingencies" } } }, "localname": "CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared": { "auth_ref": [ "r113" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.", "label": "Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Declared", "terseLabel": "Dividends declared per common share (USD per share)" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r774", "r775", "r819" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.", "label": "Common Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Common Stock" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare": { "auth_ref": [ "r12" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.", "label": "Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share", "terseLabel": "Common stock, par value (USD per share)" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized": { "auth_ref": [ "r12" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.", "label": "Common Stock, Shares Authorized", "terseLabel": "Common stock, shares authorized (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockSharesAuthorized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued": { "auth_ref": [ "r12" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.", "label": "Common Stock, Shares, Issued", "terseLabel": "Common stock, shares issued (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockSharesIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [ "r12", "r108" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.", "label": "Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding", "periodEndLabel": "Ending balance (in shares)", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning balance (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r12", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.", "label": "Common Stock, Value, Issued", "terseLabel": "Common stock ($0.10 par value; 6,250,000,000 shares authorized in each period; 4,291,433,646 shares issued in each period)" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Retirement Benefits [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Retirement Benefits [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r39", "r247", "r249", "r258", "r664", "r673" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.", "label": "Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent", "totalLabel": "Comprehensive income attributable to Verizon" } } }, "localname": "ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r140", "r141", "r148", "r247", "r249", "r257", "r663", "r672" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss), attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.", "label": "Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests" } } }, "localname": "ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r139", "r148", "r247", "r249", "r256", "r662", "r671" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.", "label": "Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Total comprehensive income", "totalLabel": "Total Comprehensive Income", "verboseLabel": "Total Comprehensive Income" } } }, "localname": "ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r94" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.", "label": "Construction in Progress, Gross", "terseLabel": "Wireless licenses under development" } } }, "localname": "ConstructionInProgressGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r812" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of receivable, contract asset, and contract liability from contract with customer. Includes, but is not limited to, change in contract asset and contract liability.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Contract Asset, Contract Liability, and Receivable [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r450", "r452", "r472" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss", "totalLabel": "Contract asset" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerAssetNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNetCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r450", "r452", "r472" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time, classified as current.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Contract asset, current" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerAssetNetCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNetNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r450", "r452", "r472" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Contract asset, noncurrent" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerAssetNetNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r450", "r451", "r472" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability", "terseLabel": "Device payment plan agreement, trade-in liability", "totalLabel": "Contract liability" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r450", "r451", "r472" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable, classified as current.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Current", "terseLabel": "Contract liability, current" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r450", "r451", "r472" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Contract liability, noncurrent" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized": { "auth_ref": [ "r473" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of revenue recognized that was previously included in balance of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration from customer has been received or is due.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Revenue Recognized", "negatedLabel": "Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsContractwithCustomerAssetandLiabilityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r72", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r323", "r780" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Corporate headquarters or functional department that may not earn revenues or may earn revenues that are only incidental to the activities of the entity and is not considered an operating segment.", "label": "Corporate, Non-Segment [Member]", "netLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "CorporateNonSegmentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold": { "auth_ref": [ "r45", "r654" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.", "label": "Cost of Goods and Services Sold", "terseLabel": "Cost of services and equipment" } } }, "localname": "CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses": { "auth_ref": [ "r44" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total costs of sales and operating expenses for the period.", "label": "Costs and Expenses", "totalLabel": "Total Operating Expenses" } } }, "localname": "CostsAndExpenses", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Costs and Expenses [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Operating Expenses" } } }, "localname": "CostsAndExpensesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.", "label": "Credit Facility [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Credit Facility [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "CreditFacilityAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.", "label": "Credit Facility [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Credit Facility [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "CreditFacilityDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CurrencySwapMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Swap involving the exchange of principal and interest in one currency for another currency.", "label": "Currency Swap [Member]", "terseLabel": "Cross currency swaps" } } }, "localname": "CurrencySwapMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CustomerListsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r129" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information about customers such as their name and contact information; it may also be an extensive database that includes other information about the customers such as their order history and demographic information.", "label": "Customer Lists [Member]", "terseLabel": "Customer Lists" } } }, "localname": "CustomerListsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations": { "auth_ref": [ "r190", "r207" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of short-term and long-term debt and lease obligation.", "label": "Debt and Lease Obligation", "terseLabel": "Principal amount outstanding in connection with the guarantee of debt obligations" } } }, "localname": "DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Debt Disclosure [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Debt Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "DebtDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r107", "r263", "r411", "r412", "r413", "r414", "r415", "r416", "r417", "r422", "r429", "r430", "r432" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.", "label": "Debt Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Debt" } } }, "localname": "DebtDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Debt" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r6", "r7", "r8", "r186", "r187", "r198", "r267", "r406", "r407", "r408", "r409", "r410", "r412", "r418", "r419", "r420", "r421", "r423", "r424", "r425", "r426", "r427", "r428", "r615", "r712", "r713", "r714", "r715", "r716", "r770" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.", "label": "Debt Instrument [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Debt Instrument [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r178", "r180", "r406", "r615", "r713", "r714" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.", "label": "Debt Instrument, Face Amount", "terseLabel": "Principal amount issued", "verboseLabel": "Principal Amount Issued" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentFaceAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r602", "r713", "r714" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value portion of debt instrument payable, including, but not limited to, notes payable and loans payable.", "label": "Debt Instrument, Fair Value Disclosure", "terseLabel": "Debt instrument fair value" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentFairValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage": { "auth_ref": [ "r22", "r407" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement.", "label": "Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage", "verboseLabel": "Stated interest rate on debt instrument" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Debt Instrument [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Debt Instrument [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r23", "r267", "r406", "r407", "r408", "r409", "r410", "r412", "r418", "r419", "r420", "r421", "r423", "r424", "r425", "r426", "r427", "r428", "r615", "r712", "r713", "r714", "r715", "r716", "r770" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.", "label": "Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRepurchasedFaceAmount": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Face (par) amount of the original debt instrument that was repurchased.", "label": "Debt Instrument, Repurchased Face Amount", "terseLabel": "Principal Repaid/ Repurchased" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentRepurchasedFaceAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r23", "r109", "r110", "r111", "r112", "r177", "r178", "r180", "r197", "r267", "r406", "r407", "r408", "r409", "r410", "r412", "r418", "r419", "r420", "r421", "r423", "r424", "r425", "r426", "r427", "r428", "r431", "r615", "r712", "r713", "r714", "r715", "r716", "r770" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.", "label": "Schedule of Long-Term Debt Instruments [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Debt Instrument, Term", "verboseLabel": "Expected Weighted-average Life to Maturity (in years)" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentTerm", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred compensation arrangements (such as stock or unit options and share or unit awards) that are equity-based payments with individual employees. The arrangements are generally based on employment contracts between the entity and one or more selected officers or key employees, and contain a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts or benefits at designated future dates, upon compliance with stipulated requirements. This type of arrangement is distinguished from broader based employee benefit plans as it is usually tailored to the employee. Other \"sub-members\" can be added as necessary.", "label": "Deferred Compensation, Share-Based Payments [Member]", "terseLabel": "Deferred Compensation-ESOPs and Other" } } }, "localname": "DeferredCompensationShareBasedPaymentsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r58", "r126", "r562", "r566", "r567", "r772" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.", "label": "Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "terseLabel": "Deferred income taxes" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r559", "r560" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.", "label": "Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net", "terseLabel": "Deferred income taxes" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit": { "auth_ref": [ "r478", "r517", "r538", "r727", "r728" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingServiceCostComponent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)", "terseLabel": "Amortization of prior service cost (credit)" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r478", "r515", "r536", "r727", "r728" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingServiceCostComponent", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit, calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Return (Loss) on Plan Assets", "negatedLabel": "Expected return on plan assets" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost": { "auth_ref": [ "r478", "r482", "r514", "r535", "r727", "r728" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingServiceCostComponent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cost recognized for passage of time related to defined benefit plan.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan, Interest Cost", "terseLabel": "Interest cost" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost": { "auth_ref": [ "r512", "r533", "r727", "r728" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for defined benefit plan.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)", "totalLabel": "Total" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost": { "auth_ref": [ "r480", "r513", "r534", "r727", "r728" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan, Service Cost", "terseLabel": "Service cost" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.", "label": "Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount", "terseLabel": "Employer discretionary contribution amount" } } }, "localname": "DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r58", "r93" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.", "label": "Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction", "terseLabel": "Depreciation and amortization expense" } } }, "localname": "DepreciationAndAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral": { "auth_ref": [ "r235" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value of securities received as collateral against derivative assets.", "label": "Derivative Asset, Fair Value of Collateral", "terseLabel": "Derivative asset fair value of collateral" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r233", "r234", "r602", "r699" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.", "label": "Derivative Asset", "terseLabel": "Derivative asset" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeContractTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financial instrument or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.", "label": "Derivative Contract [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Derivative Contract [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeContractTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeExcludedComponentGainLossRecognizedInEarnings": { "auth_ref": [ "r588", "r818" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of gain (loss) from excluded component of derivative hedge, recognized in earnings. Excludes recognition under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Derivative, Excluded Component, Gain (Loss), Recognized in Earnings", "terseLabel": "Exchange gains and losses from the conversion of foreign currency denominated as debt" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeExcludedComponentGainLossRecognizedInEarnings", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeExcludedComponentGainRecognizedInEarnings": { "auth_ref": [ "r582", "r588" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of gain from excluded component of derivative hedge, recognized in earnings. Excludes recognition under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Derivative, Excluded Component, Gain, Recognized in Earnings", "terseLabel": "Pre-tax gain on cross currency swaps recognized in Interest expense" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeExcludedComponentGainRecognizedInEarnings", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeExcludedComponentLossRecognizedInEarnings": { "auth_ref": [ "r582", "r588" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of loss from excluded component of derivative hedge, recognized in earnings. Excludes recognition under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Derivative, Excluded Component, Loss, Recognized in Earnings", "negatedTerseLabel": "Pre-tax loss on hedged debt recognized in Interest expense" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeExcludedComponentLossRecognizedInEarnings", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r160", "r161", "r164", "r166", "r699" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of derivative contract.", "label": "Derivative Instrument [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Derivative Instrument [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities": { "auth_ref": [ "r20" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum as of the balance sheet date of the (a) fair values of all liabilities resulting from contracts that meet the criteria of being accounted for as derivative instruments, and (b) the carrying amounts of the liabilities arising from financial instruments or contracts used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge), and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, net of the effects of master netting arrangements.", "label": "Derivative Instruments and Hedges, Liabilities", "terseLabel": "Carrying amount of hedged liabilities" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r157", "r160", "r164" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of hedging relationship.", "label": "Hedging Relationship [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Hedging Relationship [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities": { "auth_ref": [ "r233", "r234", "r602", "r699" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.", "label": "Derivative Liability", "terseLabel": "Derivative liabilities" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueOfCollateral": { "auth_ref": [ "r235" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value of securities pledged as collateral against derivative liabilities.", "label": "Derivative Liability, Fair Value of Collateral", "terseLabel": "Derivative liability fair value of collateral" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeLiabilityFairValueOfCollateral", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Derivative [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Derivative [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeNotionalAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r816", "r817" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Nominal or face amount used to calculate payment on derivative.", "label": "Derivative, Notional Amount", "terseLabel": "Notional\u00a0amount" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeNotionalAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativeTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r150", "r152", "r153", "r157", "r158", "r163", "r164", "r167", "r168", "r170", "r591" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule that describes and identifies a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis, such as for individual instruments, or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument, risks being hedged, notional amount, hedge designation, related hedged item, inception date, maturity date, or other relevant item.", "label": "Derivative [Table]", "terseLabel": "Derivative [Table]" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DerivativesFairValueLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r157" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Derivative instrument designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).", "label": "Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]", "terseLabel": "Designated as Hedging Instrument" } } }, "localname": "DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r471", "r718", "r719", "r720", "r721", "r722", "r723", "r724" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.", "label": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]", "terseLabel": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]" } } }, "localname": "DisaggregationOfRevenueTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DividendsCash": { "auth_ref": [ "r113", "r196" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock, for example, but not limited to, common and preferred.", "label": "Dividends, Cash", "negatedTerseLabel": "Dividends declared ($0.6525, $0.6400 per share)" } } }, "localname": "DividendsCash", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic": { "auth_ref": [ "r259", "r273", "r274", "r275", "r276", "r277", "r282", "r284", "r290", "r291", "r292", "r293", "r594", "r595", "r665", "r674", "r702" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.", "label": "Earnings Per Share, Basic", "terseLabel": "Net income attributable to Verizon (USD per share)" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareBasic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Basic Earnings Per Common Share" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted": { "auth_ref": [ "r259", "r273", "r274", "r275", "r276", "r277", "r284", "r290", "r291", "r292", "r293", "r594", "r595", "r665", "r674", "r702" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.", "label": "Earnings Per Share, Diluted", "terseLabel": "Net income attributable to Verizon (USD per share)" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareDiluted", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Earnings Per Share, Diluted [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Diluted Earnings Per Common Share" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_EmployeeBenefitsAndShareBasedCompensationNoncash": { "auth_ref": [ "r58" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of noncash expense (reversal of expense) for employee benefits and share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, pension, other postretirement, postemployment and termination benefits.", "label": "Employee Benefit and Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Noncash", "terseLabel": "Employee retirement benefits" } } }, "localname": "EmployeeBenefitsAndShareBasedCompensationNoncash", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r108", "r211", "r250", "r251", "r252", "r268", "r269", "r270", "r272", "r278", "r280", "r294", "r344", "r449", "r556", "r557", "r558", "r563", "r564", "r593", "r605", "r606", "r607", "r608", "r609", "r612", "r618", "r677", "r678", "r679" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.", "label": "Equity Component [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Equity Component [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "EquityComponentDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r340" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of investment in equity security without readily determinable fair value.", "label": "Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Amount", "terseLabel": "Carrying amount of our investments without readily determinable fair values" } } }, "localname": "EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueImpairmentLossCumulativeAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r341" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cumulative impairment loss on investment in equity security without readily determinable fair value.", "label": "Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Impairment Loss, Cumulative Amount", "terseLabel": "Cumulative adjustments due to impairment charges" } } }, "localname": "EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueImpairmentLossCumulativeAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueUpwardPriceAdjustmentCumulativeAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r342" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cumulative gain from upward price adjustment on investment in equity security without readily determinable fair value.", "label": "Equity Securities without Readily Determinable Fair Value, Upward Price Adjustment, Cumulative Amount", "terseLabel": "Cumulative adjustments due to observable price changes" } } }, "localname": "EquitySecuritiesWithoutReadilyDeterminableFairValueUpwardPriceAdjustmentCumulativeAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r602", "r713", "r714" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Measured as an estimate of fair value.", "label": "Estimate of Fair Value Measurement [Member]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value" } } }, "localname": "EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r596", "r597", "r600" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about asset and liability measured at fair value on recurring and nonrecurring basis.", "label": "Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r171", "r173", "r174" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about the fair value of financial instruments, including financial assets and financial liabilities, and the measurements of those instruments, assets, and liabilities.", "label": "Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r171", "r173" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments, including financial assets and financial liabilities, and the measurements of those instruments, assets, and liabilities.", "label": "Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Fair Value of Short-Term and Long-Term Debt, Excluding Capital Leases" } } }, "localname": "FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r597", "r624", "r625", "r626", "r713", "r714", "r725", "r726", "r727" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.", "label": "Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r171", "r172", "r420", "r713", "r714" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by measurement basis.", "label": "Measurement Basis [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Measurement Basis [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueDisclosureItemAmountsDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r713", "r714" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Measurement basis, for example, but not limited to, reported value, fair value, portion at fair value, portion at other than fair value.", "label": "Fair Value Measurement [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Measurement [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueDisclosureItemAmountsDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueDisclosuresAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r599" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined), including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively, as defined), and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments, assets, and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value, disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including, carrying amount, effective interest rate, and maturity, and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity, region, or economic characteristics identifying a concentration, (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item, (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security, and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election, (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings, (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet, the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.", "label": "Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments" } } }, "localname": "FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstruments" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r154" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability, or of an unrecognized firm commitment, that are attributable to a particular risk.", "label": "Fair Value Hedging [Member]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Hedges" } } }, "localname": "FairValueHedgingMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r503", "r508", "r597", "r624", "r725", "r726", "r727" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.", "label": "Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member]", "terseLabel": "Level 1" } } }, "localname": "FairValueInputsLevel1Member", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r503", "r508", "r597", "r625", "r713", "r714", "r725", "r726", "r727" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.", "label": "Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member]", "terseLabel": "Level 2" } } }, "localname": "FairValueInputsLevel2Member", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r597", "r626", "r713", "r714", "r725", "r726", "r727" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.", "label": "Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 [Member]", "terseLabel": "Level 3" } } }, "localname": "FairValueInputsLevel3Member", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r420", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r624", "r625", "r626", "r713", "r714", "r725", "r726", "r727" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.", "label": "Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValuesDerivativesBalanceSheetLocationByDerivativeContractTypeByHedgingDesignationTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r159", "r163", "r169" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule that discloses the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position.", "label": "Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]", "terseLabel": "Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]" } } }, "localname": "FairValuesDerivativesBalanceSheetLocationByDerivativeContractTypeByHedgingDesignationTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancialAssetNotPastDueMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r353", "r709" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financial asset not past due.", "label": "Financial Asset, Not Past Due [Member]", "terseLabel": "Current" } } }, "localname": "FinancialAssetNotPastDueMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancialAssetPastDueMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r353", "r709", "r781" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financial asset past due.", "label": "Financial Asset, Past Due [Member]", "terseLabel": "Past due" } } }, "localname": "FinancialAssetPastDueMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r338", "r339", "r346", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r356", "r359", "r360", "r361", "r431", "r446", "r591", "r621", "r622", "r623", "r624", "r625", "r626", "r627", "r628", "r629", "r630", "r631", "r632", "r633", "r634", "r637", "r638", "r639", "r640", "r641", "r642", "r643", "r644", "r645", "r646", "r647", "r648", "r649", "r650", "r651", "r652", "r710", "r782", "r783", "r784", "r834", "r835", "r836", "r837", "r838", "r839", "r840" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of financial instrument.", "label": "Financial Instrument [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Financial Instrument [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FinancialInstrumentAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses": { "auth_ref": [ "r73", "r230", "r345", "r347", "r351", "r691", "r693", "r695", "r831" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of allowance for credit loss on financing receivable. Excludes allowance for financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss", "negatedLabel": "Allowance", "periodEndLabel": "Ending balance", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning balance" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecovery": { "auth_ref": [ "r75", "r350", "r708" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in allowance for credit loss on financing receivable from recovery.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Recovery", "terseLabel": "Recoveries collected" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecovery", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Roll Forward]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Roll Forward]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRollForward", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs": { "auth_ref": [ "r74", "r349", "r708" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of writeoff of financing receivable, charged against allowance for credit loss.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Writeoff", "negatedLabel": "Write-offs charged against the allowance", "totalLabel": "Gross write-offs" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLossByOriginationYearAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Financing Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss, by Origination Year [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLossByOriginationYearAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableCreditQualityIndicatorsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r77", "r788" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of financing receivables by credit quality indicator. The credit quality indicator is a statistic about the credit quality of financing receivables. Examples include, but not limited to, consumer credit risk scores, credit-rating-agency ratings, an entity's internal credit risk grades, loan-to-value ratios, collateral, collection experience and other internal metrics.", "label": "Financing Receivable Credit Quality Indicators [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable Credit Quality Indicators" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableCreditQualityIndicatorsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanandWirelessServiceReceivablesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableOriginatedInCurrentFiscalYear": { "auth_ref": [ "r357", "r708" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost of financing receivable originated in current fiscal year. Excludes net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year One, Originated, Current Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableOriginatedInCurrentFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableOriginatedInFiscalYearBeforeLatestFiscalYear": { "auth_ref": [ "r357", "r708" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost of financing receivable originated in fiscal year prior to current fiscal year. Excludes net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year Two, Originated, Fiscal Year before Current Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2022" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableOriginatedInFiscalYearBeforeLatestFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableOriginatedTwoYearsBeforeLatestFiscalYear": { "auth_ref": [ "r357", "r708" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost of financing receivable originated two years prior to current fiscal year. Excludes net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year Three, Originated, Two Years before Current Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2021 and prior" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableOriginatedTwoYearsBeforeLatestFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r346", "r352", "r689", "r690", "r694", "r695", "r705", "r834", "r835", "r836", "r837", "r838", "r839", "r840", "r842", "r843", "r844" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses.", "label": "Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r689", "r690", "r694", "r695", "r834", "r835", "r836", "r837", "r838", "r839", "r840", "r842", "r843", "r844" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses.", "label": "Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable Portfolio Segment [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivablePortfolioSegmentDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentByClassOfFinancingReceivableAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r78", "r79", "r332", "r353", "r354", "r356", "r689", "r690", "r694", "r695", "r706", "r707", "r708", "r709", "r834", "r835", "r836", "r837", "r838", "r839", "r840", "r842", "r843", "r844" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by class of financing receivable determined on the basis of initial measurement attribute, risk characteristics and method of monitoring and assessing credit risk.", "label": "Class of Financing Receivable [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Class of Financing Receivable [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentByClassOfFinancingReceivableAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentClassOfFinancingReceivableDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r689", "r690", "r694", "r695", "r834", "r835", "r836", "r837", "r838", "r839", "r840", "r842", "r843", "r844" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing receivables determined on the basis of initial measurement attribute, risk characteristics and method of monitoring and assessing credit risk.", "label": "Class of Financing Receivable [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Class of Financing Receivable [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentClassOfFinancingReceivableDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesPeriodPastDueAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r334", "r353", "r709" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by period in which financial asset is past due or not past due.", "label": "Financial Asset, Aging [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Financial Asset, Aging [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivablesPeriodPastDueAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesPeriodPastDueDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r334", "r353", "r709" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Period in which financial asset is past due or not past due. For past due, element name and standard label in Financial Asset, [numeric lower end] to [numeric higher end] [date measure] Past Due [Member] or Financial Asset, Greater than [low end numeric value] [date measure] Past Due [Member] or Financial Asset, Less than [high end numeric value] [date measure] Past Due [Member] formats.", "label": "Financial Asset, Aging [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Financial Asset, Aging [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivablesPeriodPastDueDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r335", "r336" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for financing receivable.", "label": "Financing Receivables [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Device Payment Plan Agreement and Wireless Service Receivables" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivablesTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life", "terseLabel": "Other intangible asset, useful life" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r221", "r379" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization", "negatedLabel": "Accumulated Amortization" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths": { "auth_ref": [ "r89" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year One", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in remainder of current fiscal year.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Remainder of Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "Remainder of 2023" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of amortization expense of assets, excluding financial assets, that lack physical substance, having a limited useful life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Amortization Expense for Other Intangible Assets" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive": { "auth_ref": [ "r89" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Five", "terseLabel": "2028" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour": { "auth_ref": [ "r89" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Four", "terseLabel": "2027" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree": { "auth_ref": [ "r89" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Three", "terseLabel": "2026" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo": { "auth_ref": [ "r89" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Two", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsEstimatedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r376", "r378", "r379", "r381", "r655", "r656" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r87", "r656" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross", "terseLabel": "Gross Amount" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r84", "r86" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example, patents, trademarks, copyrights, etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r87", "r655" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net", "terseLabel": "Other intangible assets, net", "totalLabel": "Net Amount" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r727", "r815" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Investment that provides a return in the form of fixed periodic payments and eventual return of principal at maturity.", "label": "Fixed Income Securities [Member]", "terseLabel": "Fixed income securities" } } }, "localname": "FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Foreign exchange forward traded on an exchange (examples include but are not limited to the International Securities Exchange, Philadelphia Stock Exchange, or the Chicago Mercantile Exchange) for options or future contracts to buy or sell a certain currency, at a specified date, at a fixed exercise exchange rate.", "label": "Foreign Exchange Forward [Member]", "terseLabel": "Foreign exchange forwards" } } }, "localname": "ForeignExchangeForwardMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r58", "r105", "r106" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Difference between the fair value of payments made and the carrying amount of debt which is extinguished prior to maturity.", "label": "Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt", "terseLabel": "Debt extinguishment gains (losses)" } } }, "localname": "GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_Goodwill": { "auth_ref": [ "r220", "r364", "r657", "r711", "r740", "r791", "r798" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.", "label": "Goodwill", "periodEndLabel": "Ending balance", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning balance", "terseLabel": "Goodwill" } } }, "localname": "Goodwill", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r92" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.", "label": "Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Wireless Licenses, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssets" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Goodwill [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Goodwill [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease": { "auth_ref": [ "r371" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease), classified as other, of an asset representing the future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.", "label": "Goodwill, Other Increase (Decrease)", "terseLabel": "Reclassifications, adjustments and other" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.", "label": "Goodwill [Roll Forward]", "terseLabel": "Goodwill [Roll Forward]" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillRollForward", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsByNatureAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r101" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by nature of guarantee.", "label": "Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeObligationsByNatureAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r100" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The current carrying amount of the liability for the freestanding or embedded guarantor's obligations under the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees.", "label": "Guarantor Obligations, Current Carrying Value", "terseLabel": "Guarantee liability" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Guarantor Obligations [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Guarantor Obligations [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeObligationsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsNatureDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r99" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Represents a description of the nature of the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees.", "label": "Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Guarantor Obligations, Nature [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeObligationsNatureDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_HedgedLiabilityDiscontinuedFairValueHedgeCumulativeIncreaseDecrease": { "auth_ref": [ "r587" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cumulative increase (decrease) in fair value of hedged liability in fair value hedge, attributable to hedged risk, remaining after discontinued hedge.", "label": "Hedged Liability, Discontinued Fair Value Hedge, Cumulative Increase (Decrease)", "terseLabel": "Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment remaining for which hedge accounting has been discontinued" } } }, "localname": "HedgedLiabilityDiscontinuedFairValueHedgeCumulativeIncreaseDecrease", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_HedgedLiabilityFairValueHedge": { "auth_ref": [ "r585" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liability hedged in fair value hedging relationship.", "label": "Hedged Liability, Fair Value Hedge", "terseLabel": "Initial value of the excluded component" } } }, "localname": "HedgedLiabilityFairValueHedge", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_HedgedLiabilityFairValueHedgeCumulativeIncreaseDecrease": { "auth_ref": [ "r586" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cumulative increase (decrease) in fair value of hedged liability in fair value hedge, attributable to hedged risk.", "label": "Hedged Liability, Fair Value Hedge, Cumulative Increase (Decrease)", "terseLabel": "Cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the hedged liabilities" } } }, "localname": "HedgedLiabilityFairValueHedgeCumulativeIncreaseDecrease", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r157", "r584" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by designation of purpose of derivative instrument.", "label": "Hedging Designation [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Hedging Designation [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "HedgingDesignationAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_HedgingDesignationDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r157" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Designation of purpose of derivative instrument.", "label": "Hedging Designation [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Hedging Designation [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "HedgingDesignationDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_HedgingRelationshipDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r157" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Nature or intent of a hedge.", "label": "Hedging Relationship [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Hedging Relationship [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "HedgingRelationshipDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r41", "r182", "r193", "r210", "r309", "r314", "r320", "r323", "r666", "r703" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ProfitLoss", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.", "label": "Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest", "totalLabel": "Income Before Provision For Income Taxes" } } }, "localname": "IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments": { "auth_ref": [ "r42", "r58", "r81", "r192", "r208", "r306" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of income (loss) for proportionate share of equity method investee's income (loss).", "label": "Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments", "terseLabel": "Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated businesses" } } }, "localname": "IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsNetOfDividendsOrDistributions": { "auth_ref": [ "r58" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "This element represents the undistributed income (or loss) of equity method investments, net of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries, certain corporate joint ventures, and certain noncontrolled corporations; such investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment, which are classified as investing activities.", "label": "Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments, Net of Dividends or Distributions", "negatedLabel": "Equity in losses of unconsolidated businesses, net of dividends received" } } }, "localname": "IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsNetOfDividendsOrDistributions", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Income Statement [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Income Statement [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeStatementAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r382", "r384" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by location in the income statement.", "label": "Income Statement Location [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Income Statement Location [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeStatementLocationAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r384" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Location in the income statement.", "label": "Income Statement Location [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Income Statement Location [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeStatementLocationDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r266", "r279", "r280", "r307", "r561", "r565", "r568", "r675" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ProfitLoss", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.", "label": "Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "negatedLabel": "Provision for income taxes" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapital": { "auth_ref": [ "r57" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period of all assets and liabilities used in operating activities.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital", "negatedLabel": "Changes in current assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisition/disposition of businesses" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapital", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]", "terseLabel": "Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements": { "auth_ref": [ "r285", "r286", "r287", "r292", "r552" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.", "label": "Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-Based Payment Arrangements", "terseLabel": "Dilutive securities (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationEarningsPerCommonShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r377", "r380" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type or class of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.", "label": "Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r85", "r90" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The major class of indefinite-lived intangible asset (for example, trade names, etc. but not all-inclusive), excluding goodwill. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of the company.", "label": "Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedLicenseAgreements": { "auth_ref": [ "r90" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount (original costs adjusted for previously recognized amortization and impairment) as of the balance sheet date for the capitalized costs to acquire rights under a license arrangement (for example, to sell specified products in a specified territory) having an indefinite period of benefit.", "label": "Indefinite-Lived License Agreements", "terseLabel": "Wireless licenses" } } }, "localname": "IndefiniteLivedLicenseAgreements", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCarryingAmountofWirelessLicensesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized": { "auth_ref": [ "r176" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of interest capitalized during the period.", "label": "Interest Costs Capitalized", "terseLabel": "Interest costs capitalized" } } }, "localname": "InterestCostsCapitalized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_InterestExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r179", "r195", "r253", "r303", "r614" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.", "label": "Interest Expense", "negatedLabel": "Interest expense" } } }, "localname": "InterestExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r165" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing interest expense.", "label": "Interest Expense [Member]", "terseLabel": "Interest Expense" } } }, "localname": "InterestExpenseMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_InterestRateCapMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r739" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Contract in which the cap writer, in return for a premium, agrees to limit, or cap, the cap holder's risk associated with an increase in interest rates. If rates go above a specified interest-rate-level (the strike price or the cap rate), the cap holder is entitled to receive cash payments equal to the excess of the market rate over the strike price multiplied by the notional principal amount.", "label": "Interest Rate Cap [Member]", "terseLabel": "Interest rate caps" } } }, "localname": "InterestRateCapMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r739" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Forward based contracts in which two parties agree to swap periodic payments that are fixed at the outset of the swap contract with variable payments based on a market interest rate (index rate) over a specified period.", "label": "Interest Rate Swap [Member]", "terseLabel": "Interest rate swaps" } } }, "localname": "InterestRateSwapMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsNotionalAmountsofOutstandingDerivativeInstrumentsDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r301", "r313", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r319", "r323" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Eliminating entries used in operating segment consolidation.", "label": "Intersegment Eliminations [Member]", "terseLabel": "Intersegment Eliminations" } } }, "localname": "IntersegmentEliminationMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_InventoryNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r231", "r697", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Inventory, Net", "terseLabel": "Inventories" } } }, "localname": "InventoryNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures": { "auth_ref": [ "r755" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of investment in equity method investee and investment in and advance to affiliate.", "label": "Investments in and Advance to Affiliates, Subsidiaries, Associates, and Joint Ventures", "terseLabel": "Investments in unconsolidated businesses" } } }, "localname": "InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_JuniorNotesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Note that has a lower priority than senior instruments in event of liquidation of the entity's assets.", "label": "Junior Notes [Member]", "terseLabel": "Junior Notes" } } }, "localname": "JuniorNotesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity": { "auth_ref": [ "r15", "r189", "r204", "r740", "r771", "r785", "r820" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.", "label": "Liabilities and Equity", "totalLabel": "Total liabilities and equity" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Liabilities and Equity" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r21", "r216", "r265", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r573", "r577", "r578", "r603", "r740", "r807", "r823", "r824" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.", "label": "Liabilities, Current", "totalLabel": "Total current liabilities" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Liabilities, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Current liabilities" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure": { "auth_ref": [ "r171" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value of financial and nonfinancial obligations.", "label": "Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure", "totalLabel": "Total" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Liabilities:" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r2", "r3", "r4", "r8", "r9", "r265", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r573", "r577", "r578", "r603", "r807", "r823", "r824" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Liabilities, Noncurrent", "totalLabel": "Total long-term liabilities" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LineOfCredit": { "auth_ref": [ "r8", "r187", "r198" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.", "label": "Long-Term Line of Credit", "terseLabel": "Principal Amount Outstanding", "verboseLabel": "Principal amount outstanding" } } }, "localname": "LineOfCredit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity": { "auth_ref": [ "r17" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.", "label": "Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity", "terseLabel": "Facility Capacity", "verboseLabel": "Maximum borrowing capacity" } } }, "localname": "LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity": { "auth_ref": [ "r17" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).", "label": "Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity", "terseLabel": "Unused Capacity" } } }, "localname": "LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars.", "label": "Line of Credit [Member]", "terseLabel": "Line of Credit" } } }, "localname": "LineOfCreditMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongTermDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r8", "r187", "r200", "r419", "r433", "r713", "r714" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, excluding unamortized premium (discount) and debt issuance cost, of long-term debt. Excludes lease obligation.", "label": "Long-Term Debt", "terseLabel": "Debt outstanding" } } }, "localname": "LongTermDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations": { "auth_ref": [ "r8" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Long-Term Debt and Lease Obligation", "terseLabel": "Long-term debt" } } }, "localname": "LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r20" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, classified as current.", "label": "Long-Term Debt and Lease Obligation, Current", "verboseLabel": "Long-term debt maturing within one year" } } }, "localname": "LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r19" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.", "label": "Long-Term Debt, Current Maturities", "terseLabel": "Debt maturing within one year", "verboseLabel": "Debt maturing within one year" } } }, "localname": "LongTermDebtCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongTermDebtMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Debt arrangement having an initial term longer than one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Long-Term Debt [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Long-term Debt" } } }, "localname": "LongTermDebtMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofCumulativeBasisAdjustmentsforFairValueHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r23" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of long-term debt.", "label": "Long-Term Debt, Type [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "LongtermDebtTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r23", "r104" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.", "label": "Long-Term Debt, Type [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "LongtermDebtTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r0", "r136" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for business combinations, including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable), and divestitures. This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period, including background, timing, and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.", "label": "Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions Disclosures [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Acquisitions and Divestitures" } } }, "localname": "MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestitures" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_MinorityInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r29", "r188", "r203", "r265", "r343", "r393", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r404", "r405", "r603" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is, noncontrolling interest, previously referred to as minority interest).", "label": "Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Noncontrolling interests" } } }, "localname": "MinorityInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders": { "auth_ref": [ "r113" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity, included in the consolidation of the parent entity, to the noncontrolling interest holders.", "label": "Noncontrolling Interest, Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders", "negatedTerseLabel": "Distributions and other" } } }, "localname": "MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r262" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.", "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities", "totalLabel": "Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash Flows from Financing Activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r262" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.", "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities", "totalLabel": "Net cash used in investing activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash Flows from Investing Activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r54", "r56", "r59" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.", "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities", "totalLabel": "Net cash provided by operating activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash Flows from Operating Activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss": { "auth_ref": [ "r43", "r59", "r194", "r209", "r214", "r245", "r248", "r252", "r265", "r271", "r273", "r274", "r275", "r276", "r279", "r280", "r289", "r309", "r314", "r320", "r323", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r595", "r603", "r703", "r807" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.", "label": "Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent", "terseLabel": "Net income attributable to Verizon", "totalLabel": "Net income attributable to Verizon" } } }, "localname": "NetIncomeLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r142", "r147", "r245", "r248", "r279", "r280", "r759" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of Net Income (Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.", "label": "Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests" } } }, "localname": "NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r156" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.", "label": "Net Investment Hedging [Member]", "terseLabel": "Net Investment Hedges" } } }, "localname": "NetInvestmentHedgingMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingServiceCostComponent": { "auth_ref": [ "r478" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for net periodic benefit cost components, excluding service cost component, of defined benefit plan. Amount includes, but is not limited to, interest cost, expected (return) loss on plan asset, amortization of prior service cost (credit), amortization of (gain) loss, amortization of transition (asset) obligation, settlement (gain) loss, curtailment (gain) loss and certain termination benefits.", "label": "Net Periodic Defined Benefits Expense (Reversal of Expense), Excluding Service Cost Component", "totalLabel": "Other components" } } }, "localname": "NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingServiceCostComponent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r137", "r449", "r774", "r775", "r776" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "This element represents that portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the parent. A noncontrolling interest is sometimes called a minority interest.", "label": "Noncontrolling Interest [Member]", "terseLabel": "Noncontrolling Interests" } } }, "localname": "NoncontrollingInterestMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_NondesignatedMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r157" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Derivative instrument not designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).", "label": "Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]", "terseLabel": "Not Designated as Hedging Instrument" } } }, "localname": "NondesignatedMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r228", "r698", "r704", "r786" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "vz_AccountsAndFinancingReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLossCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost, before allowance for credit loss, of financing receivable classified as current. Excludes net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts receivable" } } }, "localname": "NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r330", "r331", "r659" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail_1": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost, after allowance for credit loss, of financing receivable classified as current. Excludes net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts receivable, net", "totalLabel": "Accounts receivable, net" } } }, "localname": "NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail_1": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of financing receivable, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Other assets" } } }, "localname": "NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r228", "r334", "r353", "r355", "r691", "r692", "r708", "r709", "r786", "r841" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestNetAmount", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost, before allowance for credit loss, of financing receivable. Excludes financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement and net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss", "terseLabel": "Device payment plan agreement receivables, gross", "totalLabel": "Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost" } } }, "localname": "NotesReceivableGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r330", "r355" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail_1": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortized cost, after allowance for credit loss, of financing receivable. Excludes financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement and net investment in lease.", "label": "Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss", "terseLabel": "Receivables transferred to ABS Entities", "totalLabel": "Device payment plan agreement receivables, net" } } }, "localname": "NotesReceivableNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments": { "auth_ref": [ "r779" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.", "label": "Number of Reportable Segments", "terseLabel": "Number of reportable segments" } } }, "localname": "NumberOfReportableSegments", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss": { "auth_ref": [ "r309", "r314", "r320", "r323", "r703" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.", "label": "Operating Income (Loss)", "netLabel": "Operating income", "terseLabel": "Operating Income", "totalLabel": "Operating Income" } } }, "localname": "OperatingIncomeLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r617" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.", "label": "Operating Lease, Liability, Current", "terseLabel": "Current operating lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r617" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Non-current operating lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset": { "auth_ref": [ "r616" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.", "label": "Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset", "terseLabel": "Operating lease right-of-use assets" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r313", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r323" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Identifies components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.", "label": "Operating Segments [Member]", "terseLabel": "Operating Segments" } } }, "localname": "OperatingSegmentsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r1", "r149" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for organization, consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.", "label": "Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Basis of Presentation" } } }, "localname": "OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentation" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r222" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.", "label": "Other Assets, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Other assets" } } }, "localname": "OtherAssetsNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of other commitment.", "label": "Other Commitments [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Other Commitments [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentsAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other future obligation.", "label": "Other Commitments [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Other Commitments [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentsDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r238", "r239", "r241" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after tax and adjustment, of unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale) and unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at amortized cost (held-to-maturity) from transfer to available-for-sale.", "label": "OCI, Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Gain (Loss), after Adjustment and Tax", "terseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax of $(1) and $5", "verboseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r238", "r239", "r242" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after adjustment, of tax expense (benefit) for unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale) and tax expense (benefit) for unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at amortized cost (held-to-maturity) from transfer to available-for-sale.", "label": "OCI, Debt Securities, Available-for-Sale, Gain (Loss), after Adjustment, Tax", "negatedTerseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r38", "r40", "r251", "r605", "r607", "r612", "r757" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Reclassifications, Net of Tax", "terseLabel": "Other comprehensive income" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationAndTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r236", "r241" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after tax and reclassification, of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification and Tax", "terseLabel": "Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax of $(7) and $(72)", "verboseLabel": "Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationAndTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r242" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after reclassification, of tax expense (benefit) for gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification, Tax", "negatedTerseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r236", "r241", "r579", "r580", "r589" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, before tax and reclassification, of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax", "terseLabel": "Pre-tax loss recognized", "verboseLabel": "Pre-tax gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive loss" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseAdjustmentsBeforeTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r237", "r241", "r244", "r582" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, before tax, of adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for gain (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative designated and qualifying as hedge. Adjustments include, but are not limited to, reclassifications for sale and settlement, and amounts recognized under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), Adjustments, before Tax", "terseLabel": "Excluded component", "verboseLabel": "Excluded component estimated to be amortized into interest expense" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseAdjustmentsBeforeTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseAfterAdjustmentsAndTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r237", "r581" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after tax and adjustments, of gain (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative designated and qualifying as hedge. Adjustments include, but are not limited to, reclassifications for sale and settlement, and amounts recognized under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), after Adjustments and Tax", "terseLabel": "Unrealized loss on fair value hedges, net of tax of $103 and $0", "verboseLabel": "Unrealized loss on fair value hedges" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseAfterAdjustmentsAndTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseAfterAdjustmentsTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r237", "r581" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after adjustments, of tax expense (benefit) for gain (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative designated and qualifying as hedge. Adjustments include, but are not limited to, reclassifications for sale and settlement, and amounts recognized under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), after Adjustments, Tax", "negatedTerseLabel": "Unrealized gain (loss) from fair value hedges, tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseAfterAdjustmentsTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseBeforeAdjustmentsAndTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r237", "r241", "r581", "r583", "r589" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, before tax and adjustments, of gain (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative designated and qualifying as hedge. Adjustments include, but are not limited to, reclassifications for sale and settlement, and amounts recognized under systematic and rational method.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), before Adjustments and Tax", "terseLabel": "Pre-tax loss recognized in Interest expense" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseBeforeAdjustmentsAndTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r30" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax", "terseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of $3 and $(6)", "verboseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r30", "r36", "r604", "r611" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of tax expense (benefit), after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Tax", "negatedTerseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments, tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r40", "r108", "r246", "r249", "r255", "r605", "r610", "r612", "r661", "r670", "r757", "r758" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax", "totalLabel": "Other comprehensive income (loss)" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax (Expense) Benefit" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent": { "auth_ref": [ "r139", "r140", "r143", "r246", "r249" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent", "totalLabel": "Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Verizon" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r33", "r35" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "weight": -1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after tax and reclassification adjustment, of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.", "label": "Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, after Tax", "negatedLabel": "Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, net of tax of $15 and $48", "negatedTerseLabel": "Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r33", "r36", "r139" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after reclassification adjustment, of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.", "label": "Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, Tax", "terseLabel": "Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current liabilities.", "label": "Other Current Liabilities [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other current liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Intangible assets classified as other.", "label": "Other Intangible Assets [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "OtherIntangibleAssetsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r20", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liabilities classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Other Liabilities, Current", "terseLabel": "Other current liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OtherLiabilitiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r24" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Other Liabilities, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Other liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent assets.", "label": "Other Noncurrent Assets [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other assets" } } }, "localname": "OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent liabilities.", "label": "Other Noncurrent Liabilities [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r47" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.", "label": "Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)", "terseLabel": "Other income (expense), net" } } }, "localname": "OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other cash or noncash adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows (for example, cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities, net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).", "label": "Other Operating Activities, Cash Flow Statement", "terseLabel": "Other, net" } } }, "localname": "OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r118", "r476", "r479", "r480", "r481", "r482", "r483", "r484", "r485", "r486", "r487", "r488", "r489", "r490", "r491", "r492", "r493", "r494", "r495", "r496", "r497", "r498", "r499", "r500", "r501", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r510", "r511", "r512", "r513", "r514", "r515", "r516", "r517", "r518", "r519", "r520", "r521", "r522", "r523", "r524", "r526", "r529", "r532", "r533", "r534", "r535", "r536", "r537", "r538", "r539", "r540", "r541", "r542", "r545", "r546", "r547", "r727", "r728", "r729", "r730", "r731" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Plan designed to provide other postretirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes pension benefits.", "label": "Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member]", "terseLabel": "Health\u00a0Care\u00a0and\u00a0Life" } } }, "localname": "OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Payables and Accruals [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentForContingentConsiderationLiabilityFinancingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r53" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash outflow, not made soon after acquisition date of business combination, to settle contingent consideration liability up to amount recognized at acquisition date, including, but not limited to, measurement period adjustment and less amount paid soon after acquisition date.", "label": "Payment for Contingent Consideration Liability, Financing Activities", "terseLabel": "Contingent consideration payment" } } }, "localname": "PaymentForContingentConsiderationLiabilityFinancingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentGuaranteeMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r98", "r102" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A contract that contingently requires the guarantor to make payments (either in cash, financial instrument, other assets, shares of its stock, or provision of services) to the guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying that is related to an asset, a liability, or an equity security of the guaranteed party.", "label": "Payment Guarantee [Member]", "terseLabel": "Payment Guarantee" } } }, "localname": "PaymentGuaranteeMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsForPostemploymentBenefits": { "auth_ref": [ "r55" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cash outflows for payments of postemployment benefits (such as severance pay and health insurance benefits) recognized during the period. Postemployment benefits are benefits paid to employees after employment but before retirement.", "label": "Payments for Postemployment Benefits", "terseLabel": "Amount paid in severance benefits over the period" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsForPostemploymentBenefits", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentInvestingActivities": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The net cash outflow or inflow from derivative instruments during the period, which are classified as investing activities, excluding those designated as hedging instruments.", "label": "Payments for (Proceeds from) Derivative Instrument, Investing Activities", "negatedTerseLabel": "Collateral repayments (payments) related to derivative contracts, net" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentInvestingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r761", "r762" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash (inflow) outflow from investing activities classified as other.", "label": "Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities", "negatedLabel": "Other, net" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends": { "auth_ref": [ "r51" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders, preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.", "label": "Payments of Dividends", "negatedLabel": "Dividends paid" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsOfDividends", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired": { "auth_ref": [ "r48" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired", "terseLabel": "Business acquisition, purchase price in cash" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r49" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights, excluding goodwill.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Intangible Assets", "negatedLabel": "Acquisitions of wireless licenses", "terseLabel": "Payments for deposits" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherProductiveAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r49" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash outflow for the purchase of or improvements to tangible or intangible assets, used to produce goods or deliver services, classified as other.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Other Productive Assets", "negatedLabel": "Capital expenditures (including capitalized software)" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquireOtherProductiveAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r500", "r502", "r508", "r525", "r527", "r528", "r529", "r530", "r531", "r543", "r544", "r545", "r551", "r727" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for retirement benefits.", "label": "Retirement Benefits [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Employee Benefits" } } }, "localname": "PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefits" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r10", "r476", "r477", "r499", "r727" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Liability, Defined Benefit Plan, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Employee benefit obligations" } } }, "localname": "PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r117", "r476", "r479", "r480", "r481", "r482", "r483", "r484", "r485", "r486", "r487", "r488", "r489", "r490", "r491", "r492", "r493", "r494", "r495", "r496", "r497", "r498", "r499", "r500", "r501", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r509", "r510", "r511", "r512", "r513", "r514", "r515", "r516", "r517", "r518", "r519", "r520", "r521", "r522", "r523", "r524", "r526", "r529", "r532", "r533", "r534", "r535", "r536", "r537", "r538", "r539", "r540", "r541", "r542", "r545", "r546", "r550", "r727", "r728", "r732", "r733", "r734" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Plan designed to provide participant with pension benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes other postretirement benefits.", "label": "Pension Plan [Member]", "terseLabel": "Pension" } } }, "localname": "PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PledgedStatusAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r572", "r736" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by pledged or not pledged status of asset owned by entity.", "label": "Pledged Status [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Pledged Status [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "PledgedStatusAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_PledgedStatusDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r572", "r736" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Pledged or not pledged status of asset owned by entity.", "label": "Pledged Status [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Pledged Status [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "PledgedStatusDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PortionAtFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r601" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.", "label": "Portion at Fair Value Measurement [Member]", "terseLabel": "Portion at Fair Value Measurement" } } }, "localname": "PortionAtFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsDebtExcludingCapitalLeasesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r434" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share", "terseLabel": "Series preferred stock, par value (USD per share)" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized": { "auth_ref": [ "r11" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized", "terseLabel": "Series preferred stock, shares authorized (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockSharesAuthorized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r434" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Shares Issued", "terseLabel": "Series preferred stock, shares issued (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockSharesIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Value, Issued", "terseLabel": "Series preferred stock ($0.10 par value; 250,000,000 shares authorized; none issued)" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r756" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current", "terseLabel": "Prepaid expenses and other" } } }, "localname": "PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing prepaid expenses and other current assets.", "label": "Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member]", "terseLabel": "Prepaid expenses and other" } } }, "localname": "PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription": { "auth_ref": [ "r752" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards, other change in accounting principle, and correction of error.", "label": "Reclassification, Comparability Adjustment [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Reclassifications" } } }, "localname": "PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r50" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow from amounts received from issuance of long-term debt that is wholly or partially secured by collateral. Excludes proceeds from tax exempt secured debt.", "label": "Proceeds from Issuance of Secured Debt", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from asset-backed long-term borrowings" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit": { "auth_ref": [ "r50", "r770" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.", "label": "Proceeds from Lines of Credit", "terseLabel": "Amount drawn from credit facilities" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r764", "r766" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities classified as other.", "label": "Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities", "terseLabel": "Other, net" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfCommercialPaper": { "auth_ref": [ "r763", "r765", "r767" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The net cash inflow or cash outflow from issuing (borrowing) and repaying commercial paper.", "label": "Proceeds from (Repayments of) Commercial Paper", "terseLabel": "Net proceeds from short-term commercial paper" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfCommercialPaper", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r50" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Proceeds from Short-Term Debt", "verboseLabel": "Commercial paper issued" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromShortTermDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProductAndServiceOtherMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r814" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Article or substance produced by nature, labor or machinery and act of providing assistance, classified as other.", "label": "Product and Service, Other [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "ProductAndServiceOtherMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProductMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r718" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Article or substance produced by nature, labor or machinery.", "label": "Product [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless equipment" } } }, "localname": "ProductMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProfitLoss": { "auth_ref": [ "r214", "r245", "r248", "r261", "r265", "r271", "r279", "r280", "r309", "r314", "r320", "r323", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r571", "r574", "r575", "r595", "r603", "r666", "r703", "r737", "r738", "r759", "r807" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.", "label": "Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Net Income", "totalLabel": "Net Income" } } }, "localname": "ProfitLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r96" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.", "label": "Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r94", "r218" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross", "terseLabel": "Property, plant and equipment" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r96", "r205", "r667", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Net", "totalLabel": "Property, plant and equipment, net" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r94" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.", "label": "Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts": { "auth_ref": [ "r260", "r348" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.", "label": "Accounts Receivable, Credit Loss Expense (Reversal)", "terseLabel": "Provision for expected credit losses" } } }, "localname": "ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProvisionForLoanLossesExpensed": { "auth_ref": [ "r348", "r660" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of credit loss expense (reversal of expense) for financing receivable.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Credit Loss, Expense (Reversal)", "terseLabel": "Current period provision for expected credit losses" } } }, "localname": "ProvisionForLoanLossesExpensed", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestDiscount": { "auth_ref": [ "r177" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestNetAmount", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of the unamortized amount of the discount on the note or receivable which is deducted from the face amount of the receivable or loan. The discount or premium is the difference between the present value and the face amount.", "label": "Receivable with Imputed Interest, Discount", "negatedLabel": "Unamortized imputed interest" } } }, "localname": "ReceivableWithImputedInterestDiscount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestNetAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r177" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The receivable or note face amount less the unamortized discount or premium.", "label": "Receivable with Imputed Interest, Net Amount", "totalLabel": "Device payment plan agreement receivables, at amortized cost" } } }, "localname": "ReceivableWithImputedInterestNetAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofDevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Receivables [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Receivables [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "ReceivablesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReceivablesBillingStatusDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amounts due from customers (or dealers) within the next year (or operating cycle, if longer) for goods or services that have been delivered or used, but not yet paid.", "label": "Receivables Billing Status [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Receivables Billing Status [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ReceivablesBillingStatusDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r38", "r40", "r251", "r605", "r609", "r612", "r757" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).", "label": "Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, Current Period, Net of Tax", "negatedLabel": "Amounts reclassified to net income" } } }, "localname": "ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReconciliationOfOperatingProfitLossFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r69", "r71" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation of profit (loss) from reportable segments to the consolidated income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) and discontinued operations. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation after income tax if income tax is allocated to the reportable segment.", "label": "Reconciliation of Operating Profit (Loss) from Segments to Consolidated [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Reconciliation of Segment Operating Income" } } }, "localname": "ReconciliationOfOperatingProfitLossFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r68", "r71" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Identification, description, and amounts of all significant reconciling items in the reconciliation of total revenues from reportable segments to the entity's consolidated revenues.", "label": "Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table]", "terseLabel": "Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r68", "r71" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of all significant reconciling items in the reconciliation of total revenues from reportable segments to the entity's consolidated revenues.", "label": "Reconciliation of Revenue from Segments to Consolidated [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Reconciliation of Segment Operating Revenues" } } }, "localname": "ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r765" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow during the period from the repayment of aggregate short-term and long-term debt. Excludes payment of capital lease obligations.", "label": "Repayments of Debt", "terseLabel": "Repayments of debt", "verboseLabel": "Amount Paid" } } }, "localname": "RepaymentsOfDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r52" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow to repay long-term debt that is wholly or partially secured by collateral. Excludes repayments of tax exempt secured debt.", "label": "Repayments of Secured Debt", "negatedLabel": "Repayments of asset-backed long-term borrowings" } } }, "localname": "RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r52" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Repayments of Short-Term Debt", "terseLabel": "Repayments of short-term debt" } } }, "localname": "RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestrictedCashAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Restricted Cash [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Restricted cash:" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedCashAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestrictedCashCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r753", "r768" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage, classified as current. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.", "label": "Restricted Cash, Current", "terseLabel": "Restricted cash, current" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedCashCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestrictedCashNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r683", "r754", "r768" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage, classified as noncurrent. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.", "label": "Restricted Cash, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Restricted cash, noncurrent" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedCashNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit": { "auth_ref": [ "r14", "r113", "r202", "r680", "r682", "r740" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.", "label": "Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)", "terseLabel": "Retained earnings" } } }, "localname": "RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r211", "r268", "r269", "r270", "r272", "r278", "r280", "r344", "r556", "r557", "r558", "r563", "r564", "r593", "r677", "r679" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.", "label": "Retained Earnings [Member]", "terseLabel": "Retained Earnings" } } }, "localname": "RetainedEarningsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r117", "r118", "r476", "r479", "r480", "r481", "r482", "r483", "r484", "r485", "r486", "r487", "r488", "r489", "r490", "r491", "r492", "r493", "r494", "r495", "r496", "r497", "r498", "r499", "r500", "r501", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r509", "r510", "r511", "r512", "r513", "r514", "r515", "r516", "r517", "r518", "r519", "r520", "r521", "r522", "r523", "r524", "r526", "r529", "r532", "r533", "r534", "r535", "r536", "r537", "r538", "r539", "r540", "r541", "r542", "r545", "r546", "r547", "r550", "r727", "r728", "r729", "r730", "r731", "r732", "r733", "r734" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.", "label": "Retirement Plan Type [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Retirement Plan Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "RetirementPlanTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r117", "r118", "r476", "r479", "r480", "r481", "r482", "r483", "r484", "r485", "r486", "r487", "r488", "r489", "r490", "r491", "r492", "r493", "r494", "r495", "r496", "r497", "r498", "r499", "r500", "r501", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r506", "r507", "r508", "r509", "r510", "r511", "r512", "r513", "r514", "r515", "r516", "r517", "r518", "r519", "r520", "r521", "r522", "r523", "r524", "r526", "r529", "r532", "r533", "r534", "r535", "r536", "r537", "r538", "r539", "r540", "r541", "r542", "r545", "r546", "r547", "r550", "r727", "r728", "r729", "r730", "r731", "r732", "r733", "r734" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.", "label": "Retirement Plan Type [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Retirement Plan Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "RetirementPlanTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r463", "r464", "r465", "r466", "r467", "r468", "r469", "r470", "r475", "r701" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.", "label": "Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Revenues" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r453", "r454", "r455", "r456", "r457", "r458", "r461", "r462", "r474", "r475" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes, but is not limited to, disaggregation of revenue, credit loss recognized from contract with customer, judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer, and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.", "label": "Revenue from Contract with Customer [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Revenues and Contract Costs" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCosts" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueNotFromContractWithCustomer": { "auth_ref": [ "r760" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of revenue that is not accounted for under Topic 606.", "label": "Revenue Not from Contract with Customer", "terseLabel": "Revenue from arrangements not accounted for under Topic 606" } } }, "localname": "RevenueNotFromContractWithCustomer", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation": { "auth_ref": [ "r459" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligation that has not been recognized as revenue.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Amount", "terseLabel": "Revenue, remaining performance obligation" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1": { "auth_ref": [ "r460" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Period in which remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized as revenue, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Period", "terseLabel": "Revenue, remaining performance obligation, expected timing of satisfaction, period" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionPeriod1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r460" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Start date of time band for expected timing of satisfaction of remaining performance obligation, in YYYY-MM-DD format.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Start Date [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction, Start Date [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionStartDateAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about expected timing for satisfying remaining performance obligation.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Table]", "terseLabel": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Expected Timing of Satisfaction [Table]" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationExpectedTimingOfSatisfactionTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_Revenues": { "auth_ref": [ "r254", "r265", "r300", "r301", "r313", "r318", "r319", "r325", "r326", "r328", "r343", "r393", "r394", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r400", "r402", "r404", "r405", "r603", "r666", "r807" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss).", "label": "Revenues", "terseLabel": "Operating Revenues", "verboseLabel": "Operating revenues" } } }, "localname": "Revenues", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Revenues [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Operating Revenues" } } }, "localname": "RevenuesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.", "label": "Revolving Credit Facility [Member]", "terseLabel": "Revolving Credit Facility" } } }, "localname": "RevolvingCreditFacilityMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r27" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule itemizing specific types of trade accounts and notes receivable, and for each the gross carrying value, allowance, and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current, noncurrent and unclassified receivables.", "label": "Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r27" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value, allowance, and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current, noncurrent and unclassified receivables.", "label": "Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Receivables, Net" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanandWirelessServiceReceivablesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r38", "r821", "r822" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).", "label": "Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Components in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r181" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information about the carrying amount and classification of assets and liabilities recognized in the transferor's statement of financial position at the end of each period presented.", "label": "Schedule of Assets and Associated Liabilities Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Assets and Associated Liabilities Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r127", "r128", "r569" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule reflecting each material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities.", "label": "Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of cash and cash equivalent balances. This table excludes restricted cash balances.", "label": "Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationScheduleofCashCashEquivalentsandRestrictedCashDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of cash and cash equivalents.", "label": "Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Cash and Cash Equivalents" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r23", "r109", "r110", "r111", "r112", "r177", "r178", "r180", "r197", "r713", "r715", "r773" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.", "label": "Schedule of Long-Term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Debt Transactions" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r120", "r121", "r122", "r123", "r124" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosures about an individual defined benefit pension plan or an other postretirement defined benefit plan. It may be appropriate to group certain similar plans. Also includes schedule for fair value of plan assets by major categories of plan assets by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), Significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).", "label": "Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r163" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position.", "label": "Schedule of Derivative Instruments in Statement of Financial Position, Fair Value [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value hedges" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r596", "r597" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities, including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity, if any, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).", "label": "Schedule of Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on Recurring Basis" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r695", "r787" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about allowance for credit loss on financing receivable.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentCreditQualityIndicatorTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r708", "r788" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about credit quality indicator for financing receivable.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Table]", "terseLabel": "Financing Receivable, Credit Quality Indicator [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFinancingReceivableRecordedInvestmentCreditQualityIndicatorTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r84", "r86", "r655" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r84", "r86" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Composition of Other Intangible Assets, Net" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r365", "r366", "r367", "r368", "r369", "r370", "r371", "r372", "r373", "r374", "r375", "r711" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of goodwill and the changes during the year due to acquisition, sale, impairment or for other reasons.", "label": "Schedule of Goodwill [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Goodwill [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfGoodwillTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r711", "r791", "r792", "r793", "r794", "r795", "r796", "r797", "r798", "r799", "r800", "r801" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.", "label": "Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfGuaranteeObligationsTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r101" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure about the type or nature of guarantees, for example performance, indemnification, payment and other guarantees, and related information such as term, origin and purpose, triggering event, maximum exposure, and carrying value. Represents the guarantor's disclosures which include the information about each guarantee, or each group of similar guarantees, even if the likelihood of the guarantor's need to make any payments under the guarantee is remote. This excludes disclosures for product warranties.", "label": "Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfGuaranteeObligationsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r90", "r91" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity.", "label": "Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r90", "r91" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity, by either major class or business segment.", "label": "Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Carrying Amount of Wireless Licenses" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r17" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.", "label": "Schedule of Line of Credit Facilities [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Line of Credit Facilities" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r119" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, gain (loss), prior service cost or credit, transition asset or obligation, and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.", "label": "Schedule of Net Benefit Costs [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Benefit or (Income) Cost Related to Pension and Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r151" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the notional amounts of outstanding derivative positions.", "label": "Schedule of Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Positions [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Notional Amounts of Outstanding Derivative Instruments" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutFinancialAssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r181" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount and classification of assets and liabilities recognized in the transferor's statement of financial position at the end of each period presented.", "label": "Schedule of Assets and Associated Liabilities Accounted for as Secured Borrowings [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Related to Asset-backed Debt Arrangements" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfQuantitativeInformationAboutFinancialAssetsAndAssociatedLiabilitiesAccountedForAsSecuredBorrowingsTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r65", "r183", "r201" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage.", "label": "Restrictions on Cash and Cash Equivalents [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Restricted Cash" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/BasisofPresentationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r66", "r67", "r70", "r82" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A table disclosing the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment of the entity. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.", "label": "Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r66", "r67", "r70", "r82" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.", "label": "Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Segment Operating Information" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r18" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A table or schedule providing information pertaining to borrowings under which repayment was required in less than twelve months (or normal operating cycle, if longer) after its issuance. It may include: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date and measures of the maximum and average amount outstanding during the period; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.", "label": "Schedule of Short-Term Debt [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Short-term Debt [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r108" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of changes in the separate accounts comprising stockholders' equity (in addition to retained earnings) and of the changes in the number of shares of equity securities during at least the most recent annual fiscal period and any subsequent interim period presented is required to make the financial statements sufficiently informative if both financial position and results of operations are presented.", "label": "Schedule of Stockholders Equity [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Changes in Components of Total Equity" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r86" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Estimated Future Amortization Expense for Other Intangible Assets" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SecuredDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r8", "r187", "r200" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date, including the current and noncurrent portions, of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans, chattel loans, and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.", "label": "Secured Debt", "terseLabel": "Secured debt, carrying value" } } }, "localname": "SecuredDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Collateralized debt obligation backed by, for example, but not limited to, pledge, mortgage or other lien on the entity's assets.", "label": "Secured Debt [Member]", "terseLabel": "Secured Debt" } } }, "localname": "SecuredDebtMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r297", "r300", "r301", "r302", "r303", "r304", "r305", "r306", "r307", "r308", "r309", "r310", "r311", "r313", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r318", "r319", "r320", "r321", "r323", "r328", "r365", "r366", "r367", "r368", "r369", "r370", "r371", "r372", "r373", "r385", "r386", "r711", "r832" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.", "label": "Segments [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Segments [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "SegmentDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Segment Reporting [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Segment Reporting [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r297", "r298", "r299", "r309", "r312", "r317", "r321", "r322", "r323", "r324", "r325", "r327", "r328", "r329" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.", "label": "Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Segment Information" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformation" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingInformationLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingRevenueReconcilingItemLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Segment Reporting, Revenue Reconciling Item [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Segment Reporting, Revenue Reconciling Item [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingRevenueReconcilingItemLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.", "label": "Selling, General and Administrative Expense", "terseLabel": "Selling, general and administrative expense" } } }, "localname": "SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling, general and administrative expense.", "label": "Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]", "terseLabel": "Selling, general and administrative expense" } } }, "localname": "SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Bond that takes priority over other debt securities sold by the issuer. In the event the issuer goes bankrupt, senior debt holders receive priority for (must receive) repayment prior to (relative to) junior and unsecured (general) creditors.", "label": "Senior Notes [Member]", "terseLabel": "Senior Notes" } } }, "localname": "SeniorNotesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ServiceMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r718" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Assistance, including, but not limited to, technology, license and maintenance, license and service, maintenance, oil and gas, and financial service.", "label": "Service [Member]", "terseLabel": "Service" } } }, "localname": "ServiceMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Short-Term Debt [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Short-term Debt [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "ShortTermDebtLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r18" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of short-term debt arrangement.", "label": "Short-Term Debt, Type [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Short-term Debt, Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "ShortTermDebtTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r16" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Type of short-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing.", "label": "Short-Term Debt, Type [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Short-term Debt, Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ShortTermDebtTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtShortTermBorrowingsandCommercialPaperProgramDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r213", "r297", "r300", "r301", "r302", "r303", "r304", "r305", "r306", "r307", "r308", "r309", "r310", "r311", "r313", "r314", "r315", "r316", "r317", "r318", "r319", "r320", "r321", "r323", "r328", "r365", "r366", "r367", "r368", "r369", "r370", "r371", "r372", "r373", "r383", "r385", "r386", "r711", "r832" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by business segments.", "label": "Segments [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Segments [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r224", "r225", "r226", "r265", "r284", "r288", "r290", "r292", "r295", "r296", "r343", "r393", "r396", "r397", "r398", "r404", "r405", "r434", "r435", "r437", "r441", "r448", "r603", "r688", "r749", "r769", "r778" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.", "label": "Class of Stock [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Class of Stock [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "StatementClassOfStockAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r26", "r108", "r211", "r250", "r251", "r252", "r268", "r269", "r270", "r272", "r278", "r280", "r294", "r344", "r449", "r556", "r557", "r558", "r563", "r564", "r593", "r605", "r606", "r607", "r608", "r609", "r612", "r618", "r677", "r678", "r679" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by component of equity.", "label": "Equity Components [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Equity Components [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "StatementEquityComponentsAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Statement [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Statement [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "StatementLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r268", "r269", "r270", "r294", "r654" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.", "label": "Statement [Table]", "terseLabel": "Statement [Table]" } } }, "localname": "StatementTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r12", "r108", "r113" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares issued during the period as a result of an employee stock purchase plan.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Employee Stock Purchase Plans", "terseLabel": "Employee plans (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued": { "auth_ref": [ "r12", "r108", "r113" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of treasury shares or units reissued. Excludes reissuance of shares or units in treasury for award under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Treasury Stock Reissued", "terseLabel": "Number of common shares issued from treasury stock (in shares)", "verboseLabel": "Shareholder plans (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r12", "r108", "r113" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate change in value for stock issued during the period as a result of employee stock purchase plan.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Value, Employee Stock Purchase Plan", "terseLabel": "Employee plans" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r12", "r108", "r113" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Value, Restricted Stock Award, Gross", "terseLabel": "Restricted stock equity grant" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r12", "r108", "r113", "r114" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Value of treasury shares or units reissued. Excludes reissuance of shares or units in treasury for award under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Value, Treasury Stock Reissued", "terseLabel": "Shareholder plans" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The remaining number of shares authorized to be repurchased by an entity's Board of Directors under a stock repurchase plan.", "label": "Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased", "terseLabel": "Stock repurchase program, remaining shares available for purchase (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r137", "r138", "r146", "r211", "r212", "r251", "r268", "r269", "r270", "r272", "r278", "r344", "r449", "r556", "r557", "r558", "r563", "r564", "r593", "r605", "r606", "r612", "r618", "r678", "r679", "r771", "r785", "r820" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit), net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity, attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.", "label": "Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "periodEndLabel": "Ending balance", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning balance", "totalLabel": "Total equity" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinAOCIDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Equity" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r116", "r264", "r435", "r436", "r437", "r438", "r439", "r440", "r441", "r442", "r443", "r444", "r445", "r447", "r449", "r592" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.", "label": "Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "This element represents movements included in the statement of changes in stockholders' equity which are not separately disclosed or provided for elsewhere in the taxonomy.", "label": "Stockholders' Equity, Other", "negatedLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityOther", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r613", "r620" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event [Member]", "terseLabel": "Subsequent Event" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r613", "r620" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event Type [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Subsequent Event Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r613", "r620" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event Type [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Subsequent Event Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SupplementalUnemploymentBenefitsSeveranceBenefits": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Liability for amount due employees, in addition to wages and any other money that employers owe employees, when their employment ends through a layoff or other termination. For example, a company may provide involuntarily terminated employees with a lump sum payment equal to one week's salary for every year of employment.", "label": "Supplemental Unemployment Benefits, Severance Benefits", "terseLabel": "Post employment benefits liability" } } }, "localname": "SupplementalUnemploymentBenefitsSeveranceBenefits", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SwaptionMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Option contract giving the holder the right to enter into a swap.", "label": "Swaption [Member]", "terseLabel": "Swaptions" } } }, "localname": "SwaptionMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r338", "r339", "r431", "r446", "r591", "r621", "r622", "r623", "r624", "r625", "r626", "r627", "r628", "r629", "r630", "r631", "r632", "r633", "r634", "r637", "r638", "r639", "r640", "r641", "r642", "r643", "r644", "r645", "r646", "r647", "r648", "r649", "r650", "r651", "r652", "r782", "r783", "r784", "r834", "r835", "r836", "r837", "r838", "r839", "r840" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Instrument or contract that imposes a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms and conveys a contractual right to receive cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms.", "label": "Financial Instruments [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Financial Instruments [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonRecurringBasisDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryLockMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Customized agreement that fixes the yield or price on a specified treasury security for a specific period.", "label": "Treasury Lock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Treasury rate locks" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryLockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r114" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.", "label": "Treasury Stock, Common [Member]", "terseLabel": "Treasury Stock" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryStockCommonMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares": { "auth_ref": [ "r114" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.", "label": "Treasury Stock, Common, Shares", "negatedPeriodEndLabel": "Treasury stock, ending balance (in shares)", "negatedPeriodStartLabel": "Treasury stock, beginning balance (in shares)", "terseLabel": "Treasury stock, shares issued (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryStockCommonShares", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.verizon.com/role/EquityandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesinComponentsofTotalequityDetail" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r28", "r114", "r115" ], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount allocated to previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.", "label": "Treasury Stock, Common, Value", "negatedLabel": "Common stock in treasury, at cost (87,442,163 and 91,572,258 shares outstanding)" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryStockCommonValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_UnbilledRevenuesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Unbilled amounts due for services rendered or products shipped. This element is distinct from unbilled contracts receivables because this is based on noncontract transactions.", "label": "Unbilled Revenues [Member]", "terseLabel": "Unbilled" } } }, "localname": "UnbilledRevenuesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityPrimaryBeneficiaryMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r145", "r572", "r573", "r577", "r578" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Variable Interest Entities (VIE) in which the entity has a controlling financial interest (as defined) and of which it is therefore the primary beneficiary. A controlling financial interest is determined based on both: (a) the entity's power to direct activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and (b) the entity's obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. VIEs of which the entity is the primary beneficiary are included in the consolidated financial statements of the entity.", "label": "Variable Interest Entity, Primary Beneficiary [Member]", "terseLabel": "Variable Interest Entity, Primary Beneficiary" } } }, "localname": "VariableInterestEntityPrimaryBeneficiaryMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoAssetbackedDebtArrangementsDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [ "r283", "r292" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.", "label": "Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average shares outstanding (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic": { "auth_ref": [ "r282", "r292" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.", "label": "Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average shares outstanding (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "vz_A0.875NotesDue2025Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "0.875% Notes Due 2025 [Member]", "label": "0.875% Notes Due 2025 [Member]", "terseLabel": "0.875% Notes due 2025" } } }, "localname": "A0.875NotesDue2025Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A0.875NotesDue2027Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "0.875% Notes Due 2027 [Member]", "label": "0.875% Notes Due 2027 [Member]", "verboseLabel": "0.875% Notes due 2027" } } }, "localname": "A0.875NotesDue2027Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A0.875NotesDue2032Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "0.875% Notes Due 2032 [Member]", "label": "0.875% Notes Due 2032 [Member]", "terseLabel": "0.875% Notes due 2032" } } }, "localname": "A0.875NotesDue2032Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A0375NotesDue2029Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "0.375% Notes Due 2029", "label": "0.375% Notes Due 2029 [Member]", "terseLabel": "0.375% Notes due 2029" } } }, "localname": "A0375NotesDue2029Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A0750NotesDue2032Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "0.750% Notes Due 2032", "label": "0.750% Notes Due 2032 [Member]", "terseLabel": "0.750% Notes due 2032" } } }, "localname": "A0750NotesDue2032Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.250NotesDue2030Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.250% Notes Due 2030 [Member]", "label": "1.250% Notes Due 2030 [Member]", "verboseLabel": "1.250% Notes due 2030" } } }, "localname": "A1.250NotesDue2030Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.375NotesDue2026Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.375% Notes Due 2026 [Member]", "label": "1.375% Notes Due 2026 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.375% Notes due 2026" } } }, "localname": "A1.375NotesDue2026Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.375NotesDue2028Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.375% Notes Due 2028 [Member]", "label": "1.375% Notes Due 2028 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.375% Notes due 2028" } } }, "localname": "A1.375NotesDue2028Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.500NotesDue2039Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.500% Notes Due 2039 [Member]", "label": "1.500% Notes Due 2039 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.500% Notes due 2039" } } }, "localname": "A1.500NotesDue2039Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.625NotesDue2024Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.625% Notes Due 2024 [Member]", "label": "1.625% Notes Due 2024 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.625% Notes due 2024" } } }, "localname": "A1.625NotesDue2024Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.875NotesDue2029Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.875% Notes Due 2029 [Member]", "label": "1.875% Notes Due 2029 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.875% Notes due 2029" } } }, "localname": "A1.875NotesDue2029Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1.875NotesDue2030Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.875% Notes Due 2030 [Member]", "label": "1.875% Notes Due 2030 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.875% Notes due 2030" } } }, "localname": "A1.875NotesDue2030Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1125NotesDue2028Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.125% Notes Due 2028", "label": "1.125% Notes Due 2028 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.125% Notes due 2028" } } }, "localname": "A1125NotesDue2028Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1125NotesDue2035Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.125% Notes Due 2035", "label": "1.125% Notes Due 2035 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.125% Notes due 2035" } } }, "localname": "A1125NotesDue2035Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1300NotesDue2033Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.300% Notes due 2033 [Member]", "label": "1.300% Notes due 2033 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.300% Notes due 2033" } } }, "localname": "A1300NotesDue2033Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1850NotesDue2040Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.850% Notes Due 2040 [Member]", "label": "1.850% Notes Due 2040 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.850% Notes due 2040" } } }, "localname": "A1850NotesDue2040Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A1875NotesDue2038Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "1.875% Notes Due 2038", "label": "1.875% Notes Due 2038 [Member]", "terseLabel": "1.875% Notes due 2038" } } }, "localname": "A1875NotesDue2038Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A2.500NotesDue2031Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "2.500% Notes Due 2031 [Member]", "label": "2.500% Notes Due 2031 [Member]", "verboseLabel": "2.500% Notes due 2031" } } }, "localname": "A2.500NotesDue2031Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A2.625NotesDue2031Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "2.625% Notes Due 2031 [Member]", "label": "2.625% Notes Due 2031 [Member]", "terseLabel": "2.625% Notes due 2031" } } }, "localname": "A2.625NotesDue2031Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A2.875NotesDue2038Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "2.875% Notes Due 2038 [Member]", "label": "2.875% Notes Due 2038 [Member]", "terseLabel": "2.875% Notes due 2038" } } }, "localname": "A2.875NotesDue2038Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A2021ABSFinancingFacilityMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "2021 ABS Financing Facility", "label": "2021 ABS Financing Facility [Member]", "terseLabel": "2021 ABS Financing Facility" } } }, "localname": "A2021ABSFinancingFacilityMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A2022ABSFinancingFacilityMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "2022 ABS Financing Facility", "label": "2022 ABS Financing Facility [Member]", "terseLabel": "2022 ABS Financing Facility" } } }, "localname": "A2022ABSFinancingFacilityMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtABSFinancingFacilitiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A2350NotesDue2028Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "2.350% Notes Due 2028", "label": "2.350% Notes Due 2028 [Member]", "terseLabel": "2.350% Fixed Rate Notes due 2028" } } }, "localname": "A2350NotesDue2028Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A3.125NotesDue2035Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "3.125% Notes Due 2035 [Member]", "label": "3.125% Notes Due 2035 [Member]", "terseLabel": "3.125% Notes due 2035" } } }, "localname": "A3.125NotesDue2035Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A3.375NotesDue2036Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "3.375% Notes Due 2036 [Member]", "label": "3.375% Notes Due 2036 [Member]", "terseLabel": "3.375% Notes due 2036" } } }, "localname": "A3.375NotesDue2036Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A3000NotesDue2031Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "3.000% Notes Due 2031", "label": "3.000% Notes Due 2031 [Member]", "terseLabel": "3.000% Fixed Rate Notes due 2031" } } }, "localname": "A3000NotesDue2031Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A325NotesDue2026Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "3.250% Notes Due 2026 [Member]", "label": "3.25% Notes Due 2026 [Member]", "terseLabel": "3.25% Notes due 2026" } } }, "localname": "A325NotesDue2026Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A350FixedRateNotesDue2039Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "3.50% Fixed Rate Notes Due 2039 [Member]", "label": "3.50% Fixed Rate Notes Due 2039 [Member]", "terseLabel": "3.50% Fixed Rate Notes due 2039" } } }, "localname": "A350FixedRateNotesDue2039Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A3850NotesDue2041Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "3.850% Notes Due 2041", "label": "3.850% Notes Due 2041 [Member]", "terseLabel": "3.850% Fixed Rate Notes due 2041" } } }, "localname": "A3850NotesDue2041Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A4.073NotesDue2024Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "4.073% Notes Due 2024 [Member]", "label": "4.073% Notes Due 2024 [Member]", "terseLabel": "4.073% Notes due 2024" } } }, "localname": "A4.073NotesDue2024Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_A475NotesDue2034Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "4.750% Notes Due 2034 [Member]", "label": "4.75% Notes Due 2034 [Member]", "terseLabel": "4.75% Notes due 2034" } } }, "localname": "A475NotesDue2034Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_AccountsAndFinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossCurrent": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "weight": -1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accounts And Financing Receivable, Allowance For Credit Loss, Current", "label": "Accounts And Financing Receivable, Allowance For Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Less Allowance for credit losses", "totalLabel": "Less Allowance for credit losses" } } }, "localname": "AccountsAndFinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossCurrent", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_AccountsAndFinancingReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLossCurrent": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accounts And Financing Receivable, Before Allowance For Credit Loss, Current", "label": "Accounts And Financing Receivable, Before Allowance For Credit Loss, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts receivable", "totalLabel": "Accounts receivable" } } }, "localname": "AccountsAndFinancingReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLossCurrent", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_AccountsReceivableFromContractWithCustomer": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accounts Receivable From Contract With Customer", "label": "Accounts Receivable From Contract With Customer", "terseLabel": "Receivables" } } }, "localname": "AccountsReceivableFromContractWithCustomer", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofReceivablesfromContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_AllowanceForCreditLossMaximumThresholdPeriodForNewCustomers": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Allowance For Credit Loss, Maximum Threshold Period For New Customers", "label": "Allowance For Credit Loss, Maximum Threshold Period For New Customers", "terseLabel": "Maximum threshold period for new customers" } } }, "localname": "AllowanceForCreditLossMaximumThresholdPeriodForNewCustomers", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_AllowanceForCreditLossMinimumThresholdPeriodForExistingCustomers": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Allowance For Credit Loss, Minimum Threshold Period For Existing Customers", "label": "Allowance For Credit Loss, Minimum Threshold Period For Existing Customers", "terseLabel": "Minimum threshold period for existing customers" } } }, "localname": "AllowanceForCreditLossMinimumThresholdPeriodForExistingCustomers", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_AlternativeFinancingFacilityMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Alternative Financing Facility", "label": "Alternative Financing Facility [Member]", "terseLabel": "Alternative Financing Facility" } } }, "localname": "AlternativeFinancingFacilityMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ApproximateNumberOfFederalDistrictCourtActionsAllegedForPatentInfringement": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Approximate Number Of Federal District Court Actions Alleged For Patent Infringement", "label": "Approximate Number Of Federal District Court Actions Alleged For Patent Infringement", "terseLabel": "Approximate number of federal district court actions alleged for patent infringement" } } }, "localname": "ApproximateNumberOfFederalDistrictCourtActionsAllegedForPatentInfringement", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "vz_AssetBackedDebtMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Asset-Backed Debt [Member]", "label": "Asset-Backed Debt [Member]", "terseLabel": "Asset-Backed Debt" } } }, "localname": "AssetBackedDebtMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_AssetBackedNotesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Asset Backed Notes [Member]", "label": "Asset Backed Notes [Member]", "terseLabel": "Asset Backed Notes" } } }, "localname": "AssetBackedNotesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_AverageRemainingRenewalPeriodOfWirelessLicensePortfolio": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Average remaining renewal period of wireless license portfolio.", "label": "Average Remaining Renewal Period of Wireless License Portfolio", "terseLabel": "Average remaining renewal period of wireless license portfolio (in years)" } } }, "localname": "AverageRemainingRenewalPeriodOfWirelessLicensePortfolio", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityEarnoutPeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Business Combination, Contingent Consideration, Liability, Earnout Period", "label": "Business Combination, Contingent Consideration, Liability, Earnout Period", "terseLabel": "Contingent consideration, earn out period" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityEarnoutPeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_BusinessMarketsAndSaaSMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Business, Global Enterprise [Member]", "label": "Business Markets And SaaS [Member]", "terseLabel": "Business Markets and SaaS" } } }, "localname": "BusinessMarketsAndSaaSMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ClassASeniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Class A Senior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1", "label": "Class A Senior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 [Member]", "terseLabel": "A Senior class notes" } } }, "localname": "ClassASeniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ClassBJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Class B Junior Secured Notes [Member]", "label": "Class B Junior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 [Member]", "terseLabel": "B Junior class notes" } } }, "localname": "ClassBJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ClassCJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Class C Junior Secured Notes [Member]", "label": "Class C Junior Secured Notes - Series 2023-1 [Member]", "terseLabel": "C Junior class notes" } } }, "localname": "ClassCJuniorSecuredNotesSeries20231Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member]", "label": "Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member]", "terseLabel": "Corporate and other" } } }, "localname": "CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofOperatingRevenuesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_CostofServiceMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cost of Service [Member]", "label": "Cost of Service [Member]", "terseLabel": "Cost of services" } } }, "localname": "CostofServiceMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/EmployeeBenefitsCostsbyPlansDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_CustomerContractsThatHaveContractMinimumOverTotalContractTermMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Customer Contracts That Have Contract Minimum Over Total Contract Term [Member]", "label": "Customer Contracts That Have Contract Minimum Over Total Contract Term [Member]", "terseLabel": "Customer Contracts that Have Contract Minimum over Total Contract Term" } } }, "localname": "CustomerContractsThatHaveContractMinimumOverTotalContractTermMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsRevenuePerformanceObligationsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_CustomerTenurePeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Customer Tenure Period", "label": "Customer Tenure Period", "terseLabel": "Customer tenure period" } } }, "localname": "CustomerTenurePeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_DebtInstrumentNumberOfSeriesIssued": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Debt Instrument, Number Of Series Issued", "label": "Debt Instrument, Number Of Series Issued", "terseLabel": "Number of series issued" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentNumberOfSeriesIssued", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "vz_DebtInstrumentRevolvingPeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Debt Instrument, Revolving Period", "label": "Debt Instrument, Revolving Period", "terseLabel": "Revolving period" } } }, "localname": "DebtInstrumentRevolvingPeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtAssetBackedDebtNarrativeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_DeferredCompensationEmployeeStockOwnershipPlansAndOther": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Value of stock issued under employee stock ownership and other plans to employees or officers which is the unearned portion, accounted for under the fair value method.", "label": "Deferred Compensation Employee Stock Ownership Plans And Other", "terseLabel": "Deferred compensation \u2013 employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) and other" } } }, "localname": "DeferredCompensationEmployeeStockOwnershipPlansAndOther", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_DerivativeSettledNotionalAmount": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Derivative Settled, Notional Amount", "label": "Derivative Settled, Notional Amount", "terseLabel": "Notional value settled" } } }, "localname": "DerivativeSettledNotionalAmount", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables [Member]", "label": "Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables [Member]", "terseLabel": "Device payment plan agreement" } } }, "localname": "DevicePaymentPlanAgreementReceivablesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesBalanceandAgingofReceivablesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_EnterpriseAndPublicSectorMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Small And Medium Business [Member]", "label": "Enterprise And Public Sector [Member]", "terseLabel": "Enterprise and Public Sector" } } }, "localname": "EnterpriseAndPublicSectorMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_EquipmentCreditFacilitiesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Equipment Credit Facilities [Member]", "label": "Equipment Credit Facilities [Member]", "terseLabel": "Equipment Credit Facilities" } } }, "localname": "EquipmentCreditFacilitiesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_EstimatedClearingAndIncentiveCosts": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Estimated Clearing And Incentive Costs", "label": "Estimated Clearing And Incentive Costs", "terseLabel": "Estimated clearing and incentive costs" } } }, "localname": "EstimatedClearingAndIncentiveCosts", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_EuroDenominatedDebtMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Euro Denominated Debt [Member]", "label": "Euro Denominated Debt [Member]", "terseLabel": "Euro Denominated Debt" } } }, "localname": "EuroDenominatedDebtMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ExistingCustomerMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Existing Customer [Member]", "label": "Existing Customer [Member]", "terseLabel": "Existing customers" } } }, "localname": "ExistingCustomerMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableAgingAndPastDueTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable Aging And Past Due [Table Text Block]", "label": "Financing Receivable Aging And Past Due [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Balance and Aging of Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables on Gross Basis" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAgingAndPastDueTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanandWirelessServiceReceivablesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossByOriginationYearWriteoffAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, By Origination Year , Writeoff", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, By Origination Year , Writeoff [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Gross write-offs" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossByOriginationYearWriteoffAbstract", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableFromContractWithCustomer": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable From Contract With Customer", "label": "Financing Receivable From Contract With Customer", "terseLabel": "Device payment plan agreement receivables" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableFromContractWithCustomer", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsScheduleofReceivablesfromContractswithCustomersDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableYearOneOriginatedCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable, Year One, Originated, Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year One, Originated, Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableYearOneOriginatedCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableYearThreeAndPriorOriginatedTwoYearsBeforeCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable, Year Three And Prior, Originated, Two Years Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year Three And Prior, Originated, Two Years Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "terseLabel": "2021 and prior" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableYearThreeAndPriorOriginatedTwoYearsBeforeCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableYearTwoAndPriorOriginatedFiscalYearBeforeCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable, Year Two And Prior, Originated, Fiscal Year Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year Two And Prior, Originated, Fiscal Year Before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "terseLabel": "2022 and prior" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableYearTwoAndPriorOriginatedFiscalYearBeforeCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_FinancingReceivableYearTwoOriginatedFiscalYearBeforeCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financing Receivable, Year Two, Originated, Fiscal Year before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "label": "Financing Receivable, Year Two, Originated, Fiscal Year before Current Fiscal Year, Writeoff", "terseLabel": "2022" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableYearTwoOriginatedFiscalYearBeforeCurrentFiscalYearWriteoff", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_FiosRevenuesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fios Revenues [Member]", "label": "Fios Revenues [Member]", "terseLabel": "Fios revenues" } } }, "localname": "FiosRevenuesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ForwardStartingInterestRateSwapsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps [Member]", "label": "Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps [Member]", "terseLabel": "Forward starting interest rate swaps" } } }, "localname": "ForwardStartingInterestRateSwapsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_GuaranteeObligationNumberOfAgreements": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Guarantee Obligation, Number Of Agreements", "label": "Guarantee Obligation, Number Of Agreements", "terseLabel": "Number of renewable energy purchase agreements" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeObligationNumberOfAgreements", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "vz_GuaranteeObligationTerm": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Guarantee Obligation, Term", "label": "Guarantee Obligation, Term", "terseLabel": "Fixed price term" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeObligationTerm", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_GuaranteeOfDebenturesOfOperatingTelephoneCompanySubsidiariesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Guarantee of Debentures of Operating Telephone Company Subsidiaries [Member]", "label": "Guarantee of Debentures of Operating Telephone Company Subsidiaries [Member]", "terseLabel": "Guarantee of Debentures of Operating Telephone Company Subsidiaries" } } }, "localname": "GuaranteeOfDebenturesOfOperatingTelephoneCompanySubsidiariesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_January2023ABSNotesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "January 2023 ABS Notes", "label": "January 2023 ABS Notes [Member]", "terseLabel": "January 2023" } } }, "localname": "January2023ABSNotesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtScheduleofABSNotesTransactionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_NetworkEquipmentMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Network Equipment [Member]", "label": "Network Equipment [Member]", "terseLabel": "Network Equipment" } } }, "localname": "NetworkEquipmentMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtCreditFacilitiesNonCashTransactionGuaranteesDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_NewCustomerMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "New Customer [Member]", "label": "New Customer [Member]", "terseLabel": "New customers" } } }, "localname": "NewCustomerMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_NonNetworkInternalUseSoftwareMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Non-network Internal Use Software (3 to 7 years) [Member]", "label": "Non Network Internal Use Software [Member]", "terseLabel": "Non-Network Internal-Use Software" } } }, "localname": "NonNetworkInternalUseSoftwareMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsCompositionofOtherIntangibleAssetsNetDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_NotesDue20304250Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Notes Due 2030, 4.250%", "label": "Notes Due 2030, 4.250% [Member]", "terseLabel": "4.250% Notes due 2030" } } }, "localname": "NotesDue20304250Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_NotesDue20344750Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Notes Due 2034, 4.750%", "label": "Notes Due 2034, 4.750% [Member]", "terseLabel": "4.750% Notes due 2034" } } }, "localname": "NotesDue20344750Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/Cover" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsEnteredDuringPeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Entered During Period", "label": "Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Entered During Period", "terseLabel": "Notional value entered into" } } }, "localname": "NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsEnteredDuringPeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsSoldDuringPeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Sold During Period", "label": "Notional Amount Of Derivative Instruments Sold During Period", "terseLabel": "Notional value sold" } } }, "localname": "NotionalAmountOfDerivativeInstrumentsSoldDuringPeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDerivativesNotDesignatedasHedgesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_NumberOfCustomerGroups": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number Of Customer Groups", "label": "Number Of Customer Groups", "terseLabel": "Number of customer groups" } } }, "localname": "NumberOfCustomerGroups", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "vz_NumberOfStatesInWhichWirelineServicesAreProvided": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number Of States In Which Wireline Services Are Provided", "label": "Number Of States In Which Wireline Services Are Provided", "terseLabel": "Number of states in which wireline services are provided" } } }, "localname": "NumberOfStatesInWhichWirelineServicesAreProvided", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "vz_OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Operating Segments Excluding Intersegment Elimination", "label": "Operating Segments Excluding Intersegment Elimination [Member]", "terseLabel": "Operating Segments Excluding Intersegment Elimination" } } }, "localname": "OperatingSegmentsExcludingIntersegmentEliminationMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_OtherComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostIncome": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other Components Of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income)", "label": "Other Components Of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income)", "negatedTerseLabel": "Other components of net periodic benefit charges" } } }, "localname": "OtherComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostIncome", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationReconciliationofSegmentsOperatingIncometoConsolidatedIncomeDetail" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_OtherReceivablesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other Receivables [Member]", "label": "Other Receivables [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other receivables" } } }, "localname": "OtherReceivablesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_PercentageOfMonthToMonthContractsOfTotalServiceContracts": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage Of Month To Month Contracts Of Total Service Contracts", "label": "Percentage Of Month To Month Contracts Of Total Service Contracts", "terseLabel": "Percentage of month-to-month contracts of total service contracts" } } }, "localname": "PercentageOfMonthToMonthContractsOfTotalServiceContracts", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "vz_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongtermDebtExcludingAssetbackedDebt": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Proceeds From Issuance Of Long-term Debt, Excluding Asset-backed Debt", "label": "Proceeds From Issuance Of Long-term Debt, Excluding Asset-backed Debt", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from long-term borrowings" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongtermDebtExcludingAssetbackedDebt", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_ProceedsPaymentsForSettlementOfDerivative": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Proceeds (Payments) For Settlement Of Derivative", "label": "Proceeds (Payments) For Settlement Of Derivative", "terseLabel": "Cash received (paid) for settlement of derivatives" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsPaymentsForSettlementOfDerivative", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsScheduleofDesignatedDerivativeActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_ProductTradeInMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Product Trade-In [Member]", "label": "Product Trade-In [Member]", "terseLabel": "Product Trade-in" } } }, "localname": "ProductTradeInMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_ProjectedClearingCostsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Projected Clearing Costs", "label": "Projected Clearing Costs [Member]", "terseLabel": "Projected Clearing Costs" } } }, "localname": "ProjectedClearingCostsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_RepaymentsOfLongTermBorrowingsAndFinanceLeaseObligations": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Repayments Of Long Term Borrowings And Finance Lease Obligations", "label": "Repayments Of Long Term Borrowings And Finance Lease Obligations", "negatedLabel": "Repayments of long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations" } } }, "localname": "RepaymentsOfLongTermBorrowingsAndFinanceLeaseObligations", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_ResellerArrangementsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Reseller Arrangements [Member]", "label": "Reseller Arrangements [Member]", "terseLabel": "Reseller Arrangements" } } }, "localname": "ResellerArrangementsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerServiceTerm": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Revenue From Contract With Customer, Service Term", "label": "Revenue From Contract With Customer, Service Term", "terseLabel": "Customer contracts service term" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerServiceTerm", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsActivityTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule Of Derivative Instruments Activity", "label": "Schedule Of Derivative Instruments Activity [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Derivative Instruments Activity" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsActivityTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "vz_ServiceAndOtherMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Service And Other [Member]", "label": "Service And Other [Member]", "terseLabel": "Service revenues and other" } } }, "localname": "ServiceAndOtherMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/CondensedConsolidatedStatementsofIncome", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_SpectrumLicensesCBandMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Spectrum Licenses, C-Band", "label": "Spectrum Licenses, C-Band [Member]", "terseLabel": "Spectrum Licenses, C-Band" } } }, "localname": "SpectrumLicensesCBandMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_SpectrumLicensesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Spectrum Licenses [Member]", "label": "Spectrum Licenses [Member]", "terseLabel": "Spectrum licenses" } } }, "localname": "SpectrumLicensesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_SupplierFinanceProgramObligationCurrent": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Supplier Finance Program, Obligation, Current", "label": "Supplier Finance Program, Obligation, Current", "terseLabel": "Supplier finance program, obligation outstanding" } } }, "localname": "SupplierFinanceProgramObligationCurrent", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "vz_SupplierFinanceProgramTerminationNoticePeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Supplier Finance Program, Termination Notice, Period", "label": "Supplier Finance Program, Termination Notice, Period", "terseLabel": "Supplier finance program, termination notice period" } } }, "localname": "SupplierFinanceProgramTerminationNoticePeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "vz_SupplierFinanceProgramTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Supplier Finance Program", "label": "Supplier Finance Program [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Additional Financial Information" } } }, "localname": "SupplierFinanceProgramTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AdditionalFinancialInformation" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "vz_TracFoneWirelessIncMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "TracFone Wireless, Inc.", "label": "TracFone Wireless, Inc. [Member]", "terseLabel": "TracFone Wireless, Inc." } } }, "localname": "TracFoneWirelessIncMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/AcquisitionsandDivestituresAcquisitionsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsandFinancialInstrumentsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_VariousVerizonNotesOfOpenMarketRepurchaseMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Various Verizon Notes Of Open Market Repurchase", "label": "Various Verizon Notes Of Open Market Repurchase [Member]", "terseLabel": "Open market repurchases of various Verizon notes" } } }, "localname": "VariousVerizonNotesOfOpenMarketRepurchaseMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_Verizon3500NotesAndFloatingRateNotesDue2023Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Verizon 3.500% Notes And Floating Rate Notes Due 2023", "label": "Verizon 3.500% Notes And Floating Rate Notes Due 2023 [Member]", "terseLabel": "Verizon 3.500% notes and floating rate notes due 2023" } } }, "localname": "Verizon3500NotesAndFloatingRateNotesDue2023Member", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DebtRepaymentsRedemptionsandRepurchasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentAndVerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Verizon Business Group And Verizon Consumer Group [Member]", "label": "Verizon Business Group Segment And Verizon Consumer Group Segment [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Verizon Business Group And Verizon Consumer Group" } } }, "localname": "VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentAndVerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Verizon Business Group [Member]", "label": "Verizon Business Group Segment [Member]", "terseLabel": "Business" } } }, "localname": "VerizonBusinessGroupSegmentMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Verizon Consumer Group [Member]", "label": "Verizon Consumer Group Segment [Member]", "terseLabel": "Consumer" } } }, "localname": "VerizonConsumerGroupSegmentMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationAdditionalInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsChangesinCarryingValueofGoodwillDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WholesaleMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wholesale [Member]", "label": "Wholesale [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wholesale" } } }, "localname": "WholesaleMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelessLicensesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireless Licenses [Member].", "label": "Wireless Licenses [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless Licenses" } } }, "localname": "WirelessLicensesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/WirelessLicensesGoodwillandOtherIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelessPostpaidContractsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireless Postpaid Contracts [Member]", "label": "Wireless Postpaid Contracts [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless postpaid contracts" } } }, "localname": "WirelessPostpaidContractsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelessServiceDevicePaymentPlansMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireless Service, Device Payment Plans", "label": "Wireless Service, Device Payment Plans [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless Service, Option One" } } }, "localname": "WirelessServiceDevicePaymentPlansMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelessServiceFixedTermPlansMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireless Service, Fixed Term Plans", "label": "Wireless Service, Fixed Term Plans [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless Service, Option Two" } } }, "localname": "WirelessServiceFixedTermPlansMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelessServiceMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireless Service [Member]", "label": "Wireless Service [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless service" } } }, "localname": "WirelessServiceMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/SegmentInformationOperatingFinancialInformationDetail" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireless Service Plan Receivables [Member]", "label": "Wireless Service Plan Receivables [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireless Service Plan Receivables", "verboseLabel": "Wireless service" } } }, "localname": "WirelessServicePlanReceivablesMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesAllowanceforCreditLossesDetail", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofCreditQualityIndicatorsDetails", "http://www.verizon.com/role/DevicePaymentPlanAgreementandWirelessServiceReceivablesScheduleofReceivablesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "vz_WirelineConsumerAndBusinessMarketsAndSaaSContractsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Wireline Consumer And Small And Medium Business Contracts [Member]", "label": "Wireline Consumer And Business Markets And SaaS Contracts [Member]", "terseLabel": "Wireline Consumer And Business Markets And SaaS Contracts" } } }, "localname": "WirelineConsumerAndBusinessMarketsAndSaaSContractsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.verizon.com/20230331", "presentation": [ "http://www.verizon.com/role/RevenuesandContractCostsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" } }, "unitCount": 12 } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "205", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122178", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r1": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "205", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r10": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(24))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r100": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "460", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124440162&loc=d3e12069-110248", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r101": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "460", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124440162&loc=d3e12069-110248", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r102": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "460", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126907907&loc=d3e12803-110250", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r103": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=SL5988623-112600", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r104": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123465755&loc=SL6230698-112601", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r105": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "40", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126972273&loc=d3e12317-112629", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r106": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "40", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126972273&loc=d3e12355-112629", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r107": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r108": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21463-112644", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r109": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21475-112644", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r11": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r110": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21506-112644", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r111": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21521-112644", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r112": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21538-112644", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r113": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r114": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r115": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r116": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r117": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "15", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "712", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r118": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "15", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "712", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r119": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r12": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r120": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r121": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2410-114920", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r122": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2417-114920", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r123": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2439-114920", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r124": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123450688&loc=d3e4179-114921", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r125": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "25", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109244457&loc=d3e16721-113920", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r126": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.7)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r127": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r128": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r129": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410050&loc=d3e5333-128473", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r13": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r130": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "25", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911189&loc=d3e6408-128476", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r131": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "30", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126966197&loc=d3e6578-128477", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r132": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "30", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126966197&loc=d3e6613-128477", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r133": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "35", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126966325&loc=d3e6819-128478", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r134": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)(4)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975305&loc=d3e6927-128479", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r135": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975305&loc=d3e6927-128479", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r136": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2303972", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r137": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126929396&loc=SL4568447-111683", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r138": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126929396&loc=SL4568740-111683", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r139": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "19", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126929396&loc=SL4569616-111683", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r14": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r140": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126929396&loc=SL4569643-111683", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r141": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126929396&loc=SL4613674-111683", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r142": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r143": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r144": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c),(3)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r145": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r146": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120409616&loc=SL4590271-111686", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r147": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4J", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120409616&loc=SL4591551-111686", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r148": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4K", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120409616&loc=SL4591552-111686", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r149": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r15": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(32))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r150": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579240-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r151": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579245-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r152": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579245-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r153": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5580258-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r154": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)(i)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r155": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)(ii)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r156": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)(iii)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r157": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r158": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41638-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r159": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r16": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r160": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r161": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r162": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r163": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r164": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r165": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624177-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r166": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624177-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r167": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41641-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r168": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41678-113959", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r169": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "182", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=127000641&loc=SL5629052-113961", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r17": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r170": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "25", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121577467&loc=d3e76258-113986", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r171": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=d3e19207-110258", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r172": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=SL6742756-110258", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r173": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "825", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13467-108611", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r174": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "825", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13476-108611", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r175": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "230", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123444420&loc=d3e33268-110906", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r176": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r177": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28541-108399", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r178": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28551-108399", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r179": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28555-108399", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r18": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r180": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r181": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109249958&loc=SL6224234-111729", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r182": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "25", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "940", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126941158&loc=d3e41242-110953", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r183": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(1)(a))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r184": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(11))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r185": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(13)(2))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r186": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(13))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r187": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(16))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r188": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(22))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r189": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(23))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r19": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19,20)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r190": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.13,16)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r191": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.17)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r192": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(13)(f))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r193": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(15))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r194": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(22))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r195": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.9)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r196": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "405", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r197": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "470", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123599511&loc=d3e64711-112823", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r198": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(16))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r199": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(12))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r2": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 201.5-02(24))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r20": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.20)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r200": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(16))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r201": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(2))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r202": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r203": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(24))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r204": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(25))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r205": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(8))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r206": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.(a),19)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r207": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.16)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r208": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(10))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r209": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(18))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r21": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.21)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r210": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(8))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r211": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "105", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126987489&loc=SL124442142-165695", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r212": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "105", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126987489&loc=SL124442142-165695", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r213": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "205", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r214": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "205", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r215": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r216": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6904-107765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r217": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(1))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r218": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(13))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r219": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(14))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r22": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r220": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(15))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r221": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(16))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r222": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(17))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r223": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(18))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r224": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(27)(b))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r225": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r226": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r227": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(3)(a)(1))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r228": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(3)(b))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r229": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r23": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.22)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r230": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(4))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r231": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(6))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r232": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(9))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r233": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=51824906&loc=SL20225862-175312", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r234": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226008-175313", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r235": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226013-175313", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r236": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r237": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(dd)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r238": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r239": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r24": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.24)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r240": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r241": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e637-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r242": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e640-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r243": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669686-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r244": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e689-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r245": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669619-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r246": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669619-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r247": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669619-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r248": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669625-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r249": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669625-108580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r25": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.25)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r250": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442407-227067", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r251": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442411-227067", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r252": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124452729-227067", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r253": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(210.5-03(11))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r254": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(1))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r255": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(21))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r256": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(22))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r257": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(23))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r258": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(24))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r259": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(25))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r26": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29-31)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r260": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(5))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r261": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3000-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r262": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "24", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3521-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r263": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(c))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r264": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(e)(1))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r265": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r266": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r267": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-04(a))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24072-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r268": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "23", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21914-107793", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r269": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "24", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21930-107793", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r27": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.3,4)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r270": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21711-107793", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r271": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r272": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r273": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22694-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r274": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22694-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r275": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22583-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r276": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22595-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r277": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22644-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r278": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22644-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r279": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22658-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r28": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.30)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r280": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22663-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r281": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.M.Q2)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122038215&loc=d3e31137-122693", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r282": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1448-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r283": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1505-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r284": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1252-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r285": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1707-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r286": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "23", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1757-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r287": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1500-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r288": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1278-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r289": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "60B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=SL5780133-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r29": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.31)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r290": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "60B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=SL5780133-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r291": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e1337-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r292": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3550-109257", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r293": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128363288&loc=d3e3842-109258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r294": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "272", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125520817&loc=d3e70191-108054", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r295": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "272", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70434-108055", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r296": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "272", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70478-108055", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r297": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8657-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r298": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8721-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r299": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8721-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r3": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 201.5-02(25))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r30": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r300": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r301": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r302": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r303": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r304": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r305": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r306": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r307": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r308": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(j)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r309": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r31": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a),(b),(c)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r310": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8813-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r311": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8813-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r312": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "26", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8844-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r313": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r314": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r315": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r316": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r317": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "31", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8924-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r318": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8933-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r319": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8933-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r32": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(i),(j),(k)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r320": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8933-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r321": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8933-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r322": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8933-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r323": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "32", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8933-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r324": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "34", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8981-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r325": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "40", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e9031-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r326": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "41", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e9038-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r327": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "41", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e9038-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r328": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "42", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e9054-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r329": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r33": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(i-k)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r330": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4428-111522", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r331": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4531-111522", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r332": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=d3e5066-111524", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r333": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=d3e5074-111524", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r334": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953401-111524", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r335": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2196772", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r336": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2196816", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r337": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "320", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124260329&loc=d3e26610-111562", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r338": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "320", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126970911&loc=d3e27232-111563", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r339": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "320", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126970911&loc=SL120269820-111563", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r34": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669646-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r340": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "321", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126980263&loc=SL75117539-209714", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r341": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "321", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126980263&loc=SL75117539-209714", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r342": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "321", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126980263&loc=SL75117539-209714", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r343": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "323", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r344": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r345": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255206&loc=SL82895884-210446", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r346": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919244-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r347": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r348": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r349": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r35": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e637-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r350": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r351": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r352": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r353": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919253-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r354": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919258-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r355": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919230-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r356": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919230-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r357": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919232-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r358": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124258926&loc=SL82898722-210454", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r359": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124269663&loc=SL82922888-210455", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r36": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e640-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r360": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124269663&loc=SL82922895-210455", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r361": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124269663&loc=SL82922900-210455", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r362": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "340", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126905575&loc=SL49131252-203054", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r363": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "340", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126905575&loc=SL49131252-203054", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r364": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r365": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r366": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r367": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r368": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r369": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r37": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e681-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r370": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r371": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r372": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r373": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r374": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=SL108378252-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r375": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13854-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r376": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r377": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r378": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r379": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r38": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=SL7669686-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r380": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r381": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r382": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r383": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r384": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r385": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r386": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(d))", "Topic": "420", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r387": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "440", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123406679&loc=d3e25336-109308", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r388": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "440", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123406679&loc=d3e25336-109308", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r389": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14435-108349", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r39": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126968391&loc=d3e557-108580", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r390": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14557-108349", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r391": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q2)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011672&loc=d3e149879-122751", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r392": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q4)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011672&loc=d3e149879-122751", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r393": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r394": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(A))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r395": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(B))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r396": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r397": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(5))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r398": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r399": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r4": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 201.5-02(26))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r40": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124507222&loc=d3e1436-108581", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r400": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r401": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r402": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r403": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(C))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r404": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r405": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(5))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r406": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r407": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r408": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r409": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r41": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(10))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r410": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r411": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r412": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r413": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r414": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r415": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r416": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r417": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r418": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r419": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r42": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(12))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r420": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r421": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r422": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r423": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r424": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r425": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r426": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r427": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r428": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r429": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r43": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(20))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r430": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r431": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r432": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r433": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466204&loc=SL6031897-161870", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r434": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r435": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r436": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r437": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r438": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r439": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r44": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r440": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496171-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r441": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496171-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r442": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496171-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r443": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496180-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r444": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496189-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r445": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496189-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r446": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496189-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r447": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496189-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r448": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21463-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r449": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r45": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r450": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126919976&loc=SL49130531-203044", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r451": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126919976&loc=SL49130532-203044", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r452": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126919976&loc=SL49130533-203044", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r453": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130551-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r454": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130554-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r455": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130554-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r456": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130554-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r457": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130554-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r458": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130554-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r459": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130556-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r46": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.4)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r460": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130556-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r461": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130556-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r462": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130558-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r463": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130561-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r464": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130563-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r465": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130563-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r466": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "19", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130564-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r467": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130566-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r468": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130566-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r469": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130566-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r47": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.9)", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r470": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130566-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r471": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130545-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r472": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130549-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r473": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130549-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r474": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130550-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r475": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r476": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=d3e1703-114919", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r477": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=d3e1731-114919", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r478": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=SL108413299-114919", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r479": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r48": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3213-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r480": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r481": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(10)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r482": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r483": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r484": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(4)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r485": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(5)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r486": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(6)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r487": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(7)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r488": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(8)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r489": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(9)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r49": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3213-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r490": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r491": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r492": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r493": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r494": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(4)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r495": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(5)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r496": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(6)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r497": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(7)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r498": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(8)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r499": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r5": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(19)(a)(3))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r50": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3255-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r500": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(i)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r501": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(ii)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r502": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iii)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r503": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(01)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r504": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(02)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r505": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(02)(A)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r506": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(02)(B)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r507": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(02)(C)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r508": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(03)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r509": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r51": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3291-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r510": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r511": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r512": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r513": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(1)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r514": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(2)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r515": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r516": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(4)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r517": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(5)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r518": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(6)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r519": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)(7)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r52": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3291-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r520": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r521": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(j)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r522": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(k)(1)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r523": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(k)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r524": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(k)(4)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r525": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(l)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r526": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(n)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r527": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(o)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r528": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(p)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r529": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(q)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r53": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3291-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r530": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(r)(1)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r531": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(r)(2)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r532": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2410-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r533": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r534": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r535": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r536": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r537": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(4)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r538": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(5)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r539": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(6)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r54": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "24", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3521-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r540": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)(7)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r541": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r542": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2919-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r543": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=21916913&loc=d3e273930-122802", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r544": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "60", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39689-114964", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r545": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "70", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r546": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "35", "SubTopic": "80", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29639808&loc=d3e29008-114946", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r547": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r548": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r549": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(f)(3)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r55": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3536-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r550": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450691-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r551": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r552": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126962052&loc=d3e4991-113900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r553": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(ii)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128089324&loc=d3e5070-113901", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r554": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iii)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128089324&loc=d3e5070-113901", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r555": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iv)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128089324&loc=d3e5070-113901", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r556": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128097895&loc=SL121327923-165333", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r557": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(1)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128097895&loc=SL121327923-165333", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r558": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128097895&loc=SL121327923-165333", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r559": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e31917-109318", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r56": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3536-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r560": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e31931-109318", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r561": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32672-109319", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r562": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r563": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(2)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126983759&loc=SL121830611-158277", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r564": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(3)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126983759&loc=SL121830611-158277", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r565": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r566": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r567": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r568": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e38679-109324", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r569": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128092470&loc=d3e4946-128472", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r57": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3602-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r570": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975305&loc=d3e6927-128479", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r571": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "19", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126929396&loc=SL4569616-111683", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r572": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r573": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r574": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r575": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r576": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r577": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(bb)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r578": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r579": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r58": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3602-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r580": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r581": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(bb)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r582": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r583": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4CCC", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109998896-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r584": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624181-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r585": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4EE", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109999712-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r586": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4EE", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109999712-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r587": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4EE", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109999712-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r588": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121577181&loc=SL110061172-113977", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r589": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121577181&loc=SL110061190-113977", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r59": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3602-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r590": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121549185&loc=d3e80784-113994", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r591": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126731327&loc=d3e90205-114008", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r592": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126731327&loc=SL126733271-114008", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r593": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(3)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126732423&loc=SL123482106-238011", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r594": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(4)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126732423&loc=SL123482106-238011", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r595": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126732423&loc=SL123482106-238011", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r596": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=d3e19207-110258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r597": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=d3e19207-110258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r598": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(bbb)(2)(i)", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=d3e19207-110258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r599": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=d3e19207-110258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r6": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(19))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r60": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3044-108585", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r600": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "820", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126976982&loc=d3e19279-110258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r601": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "825", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594809&loc=d3e13220-108610", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r602": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "825", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13433-108611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r603": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "825", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123596393&loc=d3e14064-108612", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r604": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125521441&loc=d3e30755-110894", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r605": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r606": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r607": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r608": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r609": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r61": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126999549&loc=d3e4273-108586", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r610": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r611": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32262-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r612": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r613": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32618-110901", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r614": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r615": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429444&loc=SL124452920-239629", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r616": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918627-209977", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r617": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918627-209977", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r618": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)(iii)(03)", "Topic": "848", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125980421&loc=SL125981372-237846", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r619": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "852", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124437977&loc=d3e55792-112764", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r62": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126999549&loc=d3e4304-108586", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r620": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "855", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r621": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)(i)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r622": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)(ii)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r623": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r624": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(bb)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r625": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(bb)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r626": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(bb)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r627": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r628": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r629": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r63": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126999549&loc=d3e4313-108586", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r630": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r631": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r632": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r633": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r634": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66007379&loc=d3e113888-111728", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r635": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)(i)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109249958&loc=SL6224234-111729", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r636": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109249958&loc=SL6224234-111729", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r637": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109249958&loc=SL34722452-111729", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r638": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122625-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r639": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122625-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r64": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126999549&loc=d3e4332-108586", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r640": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122625-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r641": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(4)(i)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122625-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r642": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r643": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r644": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r645": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(4)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r646": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(5)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r647": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(6)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r648": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(a)(7)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r649": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r65": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126999549&loc=SL98516268-108586", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r650": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(e)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r651": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(e)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r652": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "50", "Subparagraph": "(e)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128311188&loc=d3e122739-111746", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r653": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "910", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126937589&loc=SL119991595-234733", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r654": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.L)", "Topic": "924", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r655": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "926", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154696&loc=d3e54445-107959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r656": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "340", "Topic": "928", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r657": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(10)(1))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r658": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(6))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r659": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(7))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r66": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8736-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r660": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(11))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r661": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(23))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r662": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(24))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r663": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(25))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r664": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(26))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r665": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(27))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r666": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-05(b)(2))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399901&loc=d3e537907-122884", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r667": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429447&loc=SL124453093-239630", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r668": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(5))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r669": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126734703&loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r67": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8813-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r670": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(19))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r671": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(20))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r672": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(21))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r673": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(22))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r674": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(23))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r675": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "220", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(9))", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r676": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124506351&loc=SL117782755-158439", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r677": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r678": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)(1)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r679": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r68": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r680": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(i)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r681": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(ii)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r682": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(h)(2)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r683": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "210", "Topic": "954", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120413173&loc=SL116631458-115580", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r684": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "440", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "954", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491277&loc=d3e6429-115629", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r685": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Footnote 4))", "Topic": "970", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r686": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "310", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "976", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6497875&loc=d3e22274-108663", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r687": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "310", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "978", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126945304&loc=d3e27327-108691", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r688": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r689": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1404", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r69": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r690": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(b)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1404", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r691": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(1)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r692": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(2)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r693": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(3)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r694": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(4)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r695": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(c)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef" }, "r696": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r697": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r698": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r699": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "22", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226052-175313", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r7": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(20))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r70": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r700": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124507222&loc=d3e1436-108581", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r701": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126899994&loc=d3e18823-107790", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r702": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "52", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=128363288&loc=d3e4984-109258", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r703": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "31", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8924-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r704": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4531-111522", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r705": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124267575&loc=SL82921830-210448", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r706": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124267575&loc=SL82921833-210448", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r707": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124267575&loc=SL82921835-210448", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r708": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "79", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124267575&loc=SL82922352-210448", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r709": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "80", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124267575&loc=SL82922355-210448", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r71": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "31", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8924-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r710": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590138&loc=SL82922954-210456", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r711": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "24", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122137925&loc=d3e14258-109268", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r712": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r713": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495735-112612", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r714": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495737-112612", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r715": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495743-112612", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r716": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495745-112612", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r717": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=SL123496158-112644", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r718": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r719": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r72": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8475-108599", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r720": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r721": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r722": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r723": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r724": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r725": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(ii)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r726": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(01)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r727": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123450688&loc=d3e4179-114921", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r728": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123450688&loc=d3e4587-114921", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r729": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r73": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953423-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r730": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r731": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r732": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r733": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r734": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r735": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "80", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r736": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(bb)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r737": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4J", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120409616&loc=SL4591551-111686", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r738": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4K", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120409616&loc=SL4591552-111686", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r739": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624177-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r74": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953423-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r740": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "852", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84165509&loc=d3e56426-112766", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r741": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13H", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126561865&loc=SL117783719-158441", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r742": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126561865&loc=SL117819544-158441", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef" }, "r743": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef" }, "r744": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef" }, "r745": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef" }, "r746": { "Name": "Form 10-Q", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "308", "Subsection": "a", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef" }, "r747": { "Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13", "Subsection": "a-1", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef" }, "r748": { "Name": "Regulation S-T", "Number": "232", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "405", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef" }, "r749": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "272", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125520817&loc=d3e70229-108054", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/recommendedDisclosureRef" }, "r75": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)(4)", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953423-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r750": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14615-108349", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/recommendedDisclosureRef" }, "r751": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "855", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314020-165662", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/recommendedDisclosureRef" }, "r752": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "205", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429488&loc=d3e326-107755", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r753": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(1))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r754": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(17))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r755": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(18))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r756": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(9))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r757": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442407-227067", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r758": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442411-227067", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r759": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124452729-227067", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r76": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "11B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953423-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r760": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(1))", "Topic": "220", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126953954&loc=SL114868664-224227", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r761": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3179-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r762": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3213-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r763": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3255-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r764": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3255-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r765": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3291-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r766": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3291-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r767": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126954810&loc=d3e3098-108585", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r768": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126999549&loc=SL98516268-108586", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r769": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(d))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r77": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "29", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953659-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r770": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(f))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r771": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r772": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(1)(Note 1))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r773": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-04(a))", "Topic": "235", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24072-122690", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r774": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "23", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21914-107793", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r775": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "24", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21930-107793", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r776": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21711-107793", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r777": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "250", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22595-107794", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r778": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "55", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "260", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126958026&loc=d3e2626-109256", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r779": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8672-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r78": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=d3e5111-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r780": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "30", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "280", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126901519&loc=d3e8906-108599", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r781": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953401-111524", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r782": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "321", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126980263&loc=SL75117539-209714", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r783": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "321", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126980263&loc=SL75117539-209714", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r784": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "321", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126980263&loc=SL75117539-209714", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r785": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "323", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r786": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255206&loc=SL82895884-210446", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r787": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919249-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r788": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "326", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255953&loc=SL82919230-210447", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r789": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "340", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126905575&loc=SL49131251-203054", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r79": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "310", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=SL6953401-111524", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r790": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "340", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126905575&loc=SL49131252-203054", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r791": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r792": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r793": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r794": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r795": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r796": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r797": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r798": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r799": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r8": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(22))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r80": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(aa)", "Topic": "320", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126970911&loc=d3e27161-111563", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r800": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=SL108378252-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r801": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13854-109267", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r802": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "410", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6393242&loc=d3e13237-110859", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r803": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14557-108349", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r804": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q2)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011672&loc=d3e149879-122751", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r805": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "450", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r806": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r807": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(ii))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r808": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r809": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442526-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r81": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "323", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237563&loc=d3e33749-111570", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r810": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv))", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126975872&loc=SL124442552-122756", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r811": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r812": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130551-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r813": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920106&loc=SL49130545-203045", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r814": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "91", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126920602&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r815": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(ii)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r816": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579245-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r817": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5580258-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r818": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r819": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(3)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126732423&loc=SL123482106-238011", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r82": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r820": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "825", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123596393&loc=d3e14064-108612", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r821": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r822": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r823": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "852", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433192&loc=SL2890621-112765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r824": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "852", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433192&loc=SL2890621-112765", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r825": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r826": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r827": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r828": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r829": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r83": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r830": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(3)", "Topic": "860", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r831": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(7)(2))", "Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126897435&loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r832": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4H", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r833": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13H", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "55", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126561865&loc=SL117783719-158441", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r834": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r835": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(b)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "Subparagraph": "(1)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r836": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(b)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "Subparagraph": "(2)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r837": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(b)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "Subparagraph": "(3)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r838": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(c)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "Subparagraph": "(2)(i)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r839": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(c)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "Subparagraph": "(2)(ii)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r84": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r840": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(c)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402", "Subparagraph": "(2)(iii)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r841": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1404", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r842": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(1)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r843": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(2)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r844": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "229", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1405", "Subparagraph": "(3)", "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef" }, "r85": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r86": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r87": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(1)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r88": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(2)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r89": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r9": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(23))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r90": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r91": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b),(d)", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r92": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "350", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r93": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r94": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r95": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r96": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r97": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "440", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r98": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "15", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "460", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126907419&loc=d3e10037-110241", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r99": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "460", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124440162&loc=d3e12069-110248", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" } }, "version": "2.2" } ZIP 102 0000732712-23-000029-xbrl.zip IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 0000732712-23-000029-xbrl.zip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